Delivery and shipping
 Overview
 Enhance delivery methods
 Reorder delivery options
 Pickup points
 Overview
 Generate options
 App requirements and UX guidelines
 Create local pickup charges
 Product offers
 Distribution
 Billing
 App Store
 Pickup points
 Early access:
 Pickup points are currently only available for specific stores that have eligible fulfillment locations and use eligible Shopify Shipping carriers.
 A pickup point is a third-party location where customers can have their orders shipped, instead of to their address. Common locations are post offices, relay points, or pickup lockers. Pickup points are often a more secure, flexible, and cheaper delivery option for many customers around the world.
 How it works
 Pickup point options display to merchants in the Shopify admin and to customers at checkout. Merchants must activate pickup points in the Shopify admin.
 During checkout, customers can choose the delivery method to ship to a pickup point, search for available locations, and then select a location where they want their order delivered. The locations work in partnership with different shipping providers.
 Selected pickup points are automatically linked to orders, which can be viewed on the order in the Shopify admin and accessed through the GraphQL Admin API.
 Developer tools and resources
 Explore the following developer tools and resources to get familiar with building for pickup points:
 Example pickup point delivery option generator
 Review the example function that Shopify CLI generates and learn how it works.
 Pickup Point Delivery Option Generator reference
 Review the reference for the Pickup Point Delivery Option Generator API.
 Extension targets
 Review the extension targets that are available to pickup points.
 Limitations
 Pickup points are only available to custom apps that are built for stores on the Shopify Plus plan. Public apps in the Shopify App Store and custom apps built for stores on non-Plus plans aren't eligible to build for pickup points.
 Get started
 Generate options
 Use Shopify Functions to generate pickup point options for customers.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 How it works
 Developer tools and resources
 Limitations
 Get started
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
 Partner blog
 Engineering blog
