Checkout UI
 Post-purchase
 Customer account UI extensions
 Point of Sale app extensions
 Web pixel app extensions
 Marketing activities app extensions
 Product subscription app extensions
 Checkout app extensions
 Checkout app extensions make it easy for developers to extend their app code into checkout and customize many aspects of the checkout experience. Shopify provides the tools and resources for building checkout UI extensions on the checkout steps, post-purchase page, and Thank you and Order status pages.
 Checkout UI extensions
 Checkout UI extensions let you add custom workflows and functionality at defined points of the checkout process, and are built into apps using target APIs and UI components.
 Shopify Plus
 Checkout UI extensions that render on the information and shipping and payment steps in checkout are available only to stores on a Shopify Plus plan.
 Post-purchase extensions
 Post-purchase extensions let you add new UI and functionality to the post-purchase page, and are built into apps using extension points APIs and UI components provided by Shopify.
 Tip
 Learn how JWTs (JSON web tokens) need to be structured for use in post-purchase extensions.
 Thank you and Order status page extensions
 Checkout UI extensions can be developed for the Thank you page and the Order status page with similar target APIs and UI components. Extensions that appear after a purchase has been completed will be available to all plans except Shopify Starter.
 Getting started
 Learn how to use checkout app extensions by following one of our use case tutorials:
 Pre-purchase product offers
 Build a pre-purchase upsell offer that prompts the customer to add a product to their order.
 Post-purchase checkout extensions
 Create a basic example of a post-purchase checkout extension.
 Thank you and order status extensions
 Build a survey that asks customers how they heard about the store after they made a purchase.
 Custom banners
 Learn how to add a custom banner to checkout.
 Custom fields
 Learn how to add custom fields to checkout that customers can use to add delivery instructions to their order.
 Client-side validation
 Use a checkout UI extension to validate fields at checkout and block customer progress.
 Header
 Use a checkout UI extension and the GraphQL Admin API's checkout branding types to customize the checkout header with custom images, including the back to cart link.
 Footer
 Use a checkout UI extension and the GraphQL Admin API's checkout branding types to customize the checkout footer with store policies.
 Next steps
 Learn about the resources available for building checkout UI extensions.
 Learn about the extension points available to post-purchase checkout extensions.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Checkout UI extensions
 Post-purchase extensions
 Thank you and Order status page extensions
 Getting started
 Next steps
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
