Deployment
 Distribution
 Billing
 App Store
 Work on an existing app
 You can collaborate with other developers to build a Shopify CLI app.
 Caution
 This tutorial only applies to apps created with Shopify CLI 3 or higher. If you're using a previous version of Shopify CLI, then consider migrating your app to use the newest version.
 Requirements
 You've created a Partner account and a development store.
 You understand how apps fit into Shopify.
 You've installed Node.js 18 or higher.
 You've installed a Node.js package manager: either npm, Yarn 1.x, or pnpm.
 You've installed Git 2.28.0 or higher.
 You're using the latest version of Chrome or Firefox.
 Step 1: Install the project dependencies
 If you haven't already, clone the app that you want to work on, and then navigate to the project directory.
 Run your package manager's install command to install the project's dependencies. Shopify CLI is a dependency of all apps created with Shopify 3.0 or higher.
 Terminal
 npm
 Yarn
 pnpm
 $ npm install
 Step 2: Verify the installation
 After you install the dependencies for the app, check the version to make sure that Shopify CLI is available.
 Terminal
 npm
 Yarn
 pnpm
 $ npm run shopify version
 Step 3: Preview the app
 After you install your app's dependencies locally, you can work with it by building the app and starting a local development server.
 Shopify CLI uses Cloudflare to create a tunnel that allows your app to be accessed using a unique HTTPS URL. Press p to open your app's preview URL in a browser.
 Navigate to your newly-created app directory.
 To preview your app, run the following command:
 
 The CLI walks you through the following:
 Logging into your Shopify Partner account and, if needed, selecting a Partner organization
 Linking your app to an existing app in the Partner Dashboard, or creating a new app.
 Creating a new configuration file for your local development environment.
 Creating a tunnel between your local environment and the development store using Cloudflare
 Installing your app on a development store
 To learn more about the processes that are executed when you run dev, refer to the Shopify CLI command reference.
 To learn more about managing your app's configuration, refer to App configuration.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Requirements
 Step 1: Install the project dependencies
 Step 2: Verify the installation
 Step 3: Preview the app
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
 Partner blog
 Engineering blog
