Point of Sale app extensions
 Web pixel app extensions
 Marketing activities app extensions
 Product subscription app extensions
 Shopify Admin API
 As the primary way that apps interact with Shopify, the Admin API allows you to add your own features to the Shopify user experience. Considerations when using the Shopify Admin include:
 The Admin API supports both GraphQL and REST.
 This is a versioned API. Updates are released quarterly and supported API versions are listed in the release notes.
 Apps must explicitly request the relevant access scopes from the user during installation.
 Apps must authenticate to interact with the Admin API.
 The Admin API enforces rate limits on all requests. Note that there are different rate-limiting methods for GraphQL and REST. All apps connecting to the Admin API are subject to Shopify’s API Terms of Service.
 Getting started
 Explore the following resources to get started with the GraphQL Admin and REST Admin APIs.
 Getting started with the GraphQL Admin and REST Admin APIs
 Learn how to generate a Shopify access token, authenticate with the GraphQL Admin and REST Admin APIs, and start sending requests.
 Query root reference page
 Access the entry point to query the GraphQL Admin API and explore the types that can be queried using the API.
 Working with the Shopify Admin API
 Read and write Shopify store information, including products, inventory, orders, shipping, and more.
 Extend existing Shopify functionality with apps.
 Connect store inventory to other marketplaces with channels.
 Add new features to the Shopify admin or Shopify Point of Sale (POS) with app extensions.
 Reference documentation
 GraphQL Admin API reference
 Access the complete reference to Shopify’s GraphQL Admin API.
 REST Admin API reference
 Access the complete reference to Shopify’s REST Admin API.
 Tools
 Shopify provides a range of software tools and libraries to speed up your development process.
 Admin API libraries
 Browse libraries to manage interactions with the Admin API.
 Shopify CLI
 Install our command-line tool for building Shopify apps.
 Admin API GraphiQL Explorer
 Consult our interactive reference guide to the GraphQL Admin API.
 App Bridge
 Use Shopify’s JavaScript library to seamlessly embed your app in the Shopify admin.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Getting started
 Working with the Shopify Admin API
 Reference documentation
 Tools
 Updates & News
