Overview
 Create and update a cart
 Migrate to the Cart API
 Customers
 Prioritizing data in your query
 Release notes
 Storefront API reference
 Building with the Customer Account API
 Additional SDKs
 Cart
 Carts are smart buyer assistants that contain the merchandise that a buyer intends to purchase and information about the buyer.
 This guide introduces carts within the context of the buying journey, ways that you can extend a cart's functionality, and some considerations before you get started with building carts.
 How it works
 The following components form a part of every buying journey:
 A storefront is where merchants tell their brand story, and where customers browse available products.
 A cart is where customers add products that they're interested in buying, and remove products that they no longer want to buy. A customer might visit their cart multiple times to renegotiate with themselves before they make a final purchase.
 A checkout is where a customer makes their final decision to purchase products, and completes a transaction.
 Benefits
 The carts that most buyers encounter are simple baskets that are only used to collect products. They lack functionality and context, and typically lead to buyer frustration at checkout.
 Shopify-powered carts provide the following benefits:
 Display accurate and personalized discounts, tax, and shipping estimates.
 Provide price transparency in real time, and at each new step of the purchase journey.
 Run brand-provided custom business logic.
 Shortcut buyers through checkout by providing known buyer preferences, such as payment methods or shipping details.
 Offer fast and predictable performance no matter the size of the store or the sale.
 Extensibility options
 Many merchants have unique business requirements. You can extend the functionality of a cart, while ensuring it's performant, reliable, and scalable in checkout, in the following ways:
 Feature Description Example use cases
 Shopify Functions Extend and customize Shopify's default logic and provide consistency throughout the buyer journey. Create a custom validation function that can be executed by Shopify on every cart update to do the following:
 
 Validate or limit the number of items a buyer can add to their cart.
 Validate an address or check for a PO box.
 Metafields Create metafields to extend the cart schema with custom values and logic at checkout. Attach custom structured metadata on a cart, and read it from a checkout extension to deliver a customized end-to-end buyer experience.
 Preferences Set customer preferences to provide a personalized cart and checkout experience. Provide a list of preferred delivery addresses to accelerate the checkout flow, and best optimize conversion.
 International pricing
 Carts offer contextual experiences based on location, language, and pricing. You can query international prices for products and orders, and explicitly set the context of a cart.
 Users can configure the prices of products on a per country basis in their Shopify admin. For example, a storefront might have default prices for products set in USD, and price adjustments configured for Canada (CAD), Australia (AUD), and France (EUR).
 The following diagram shows the different prices of the same product based on customer location:
 Speed and scale
 Shopify's cart functionality is built on the same infrastructure as our storefronts. Carts are deployed globally and deliver a low-latency experience to buyers around the world.
 Carts don't have any global API rate limits. This means that merchants can confidently launch their biggest flash sale, or absorb an unexpected wave of buyers.
 Note
 Shopify continues to optimize every aspect of cart execution, including delivering reliable sub-100 millisecond response times for every cart operation.
 Developer tools and resources
 Explore the following developer tools and resources to learn more about working with carts.
 Create and update a cart with the Storefront API
 Learn how to manage a cart in Shopify with the Storefront API.
 Support international pricing on storefronts
 Learn how to create a cart or checkout in the context of a specific country.
 Cart object
 Consult the GraphQL Storefront API reference to learn more about the Cart object.
 CartBuyerIdentity object
 Consult the GraphQL Storefront API reference to learn more about the CartBuyerIdentity object.
 Product Roadmap
 Note
 This roadmap is being shared for informational purposes and is subject to change. Share your feedback on what future features you’d like to see in our community discussion board.
 Feature Release Target
 Cart API Migration Guide 2024-04
 Append Gift Card to Cart 2024-07
 Query and Set Carrier Calculated Shipping Rates 2024-07
 Support Asynchronous Calls with @defer Directive 2024-07
 Cart.buyerIdentity Authentication Carried Through to Checkout 2024-07
 Support for Native Wallets (Apple Pay, Google Pay) in Mobile Apps on Cart 2024-07
 Limitations and considerations
 The cart is subject to the same throttling restrictions as the Storefront API.
 The cart supports a maximum of 500 line items.
 A shop or customer can create an unlimited number of carts.
 Unused and abandoned carts automatically expire within 10 days of creation.
 Shopify automatically deletes the cart when the customer completes their checkout.
 Shopify Plus bot protection is available for cart.
 Next steps
 Learn how to create and update a cart in Shopify with the Storefront API.
 Learn how to migrate to the Cart API
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 How it works
 Benefits
 Extensibility options
 International pricing
 Speed and scale
 Developer tools and resources
 Product Roadmap
 Limitations and considerations
 Next steps
