Overview
 Viewing charges
 Best practices
 App Store
 Charges and earnings overview
 You can view data on charges and transactions using the following mechanisms:
 Partner Dashboard
 GraphQL Admin API
 App charge data in the Partner Dashboard
 You can view the following data by page in the Partner Dashboard:
 Data by page in the Partner Dashboard
 Page Data
 App charge overview
 Recurring app subscription charges
 Usage-based app subscription charges
 One-time app charges
 Store App charges for a specific store
 Payouts App charges for a specific payout
 App history App charge details
 App charge overview page
 Note
 In the event of a discrepancy between the overview page and the Payouts page, the information on the Payouts page should be considered the accurate reference.
 The app charge overview page provides the most comprehensive information regarding charges and earnings. The page provides the following details:
 Merchant information, including a link to the store where the app is installed
 The name of the app that the merchant was charged for, including a link to the app
 The status of the app charge or subscription
 The list of merchant payment transactions that are associated with the charge
 Clicking the arrow next to a transaction displays the following details:
 An itemized list of the Shopify revenue share fee, processing fee, and your net profit as the app's developer
 A link to the Partner payout that includes the app charge. The payout link isn't applicable to pending payouts.
 The overview page includes additional charge details for subscription charges.
 Subscription charge details
 You can view the following additional details for subscription charges:
 A description of the charge, such as $15 every 30 days for an app subscription charge.
 The date on which the charge was created.
 The charge's status, which can be one of the following:
 Charge statuses
 Status Description
 Pending The merchant hasn't yet approved or declined the charge.
 Activated
 The charge is currently active.
 For some payments, such as wire transfers, Shopify marks the charge as active when the payment is in flight.
 Declined The merchant declined the charge.
 Canceled
 The merchant or the developer canceled the subscription
 If a payment doesn't go through, then Shopify retries the charge. Only shut off a merchant's app access after Shopify freezes the charge.
 Frozen The subscription is on hold due to a store subscription non-payment. The charge reactivates after the subscription payments resume.
 Expired The merchant didn't accept the charge within two non-business days.
 Transaction data through the GraphQL Admin API
 You can use the following billing resources on the GraphQL Admin API to view transaction data:
 Data by GraphQL Admin API resource
 Transaction data Resource Learn how
 Single app purchase AppPurchaseOneTime Example
 Multiple app purchases currentAppInstallation Example
 Single app subscription currentAppInstallation Example
 Multiple app subscription AppSubscription Example
 App usage records for a single subscription AppSubscription Example
 App usage records for multiple subscriptions currentAppInstallation Example
 App usage record currentAppInstallation Example
 Get started
 Get started viewing app charge and transaction data.
 View app charges
 View reportable data on app charges and earnings.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 App charge data in the Partner Dashboard
 App charge overview page
 Transaction data through the GraphQL Admin API
 Get started
