Overview
 Getting started
 Add configuration
 Build a user interface
 Build fulfillment constraints
 Build local pickup delivery option generators
 Fulfillment service apps
 Returns apps
 Migrate to fulfillment orders
 Point of Sale
 Build location rules
 You can use location rules to rank the possible locations for a line item during checkout. In this tutorial series, you'll use Shopify Functions to create a function that prioritizes locations in a particular country defined by the user.
 Beta
 Location rules is a new feature that's only available by request. To develop location rules, you need to contact order-routing-early-access@shopify.com.
 What you'll learn
 In this tutorial series, you’ll learn how to do the following tasks:
 Set up your environment to use functions.
 Create a location rule function.
 Add configuration options to your location rule function using metafields.
 Build a location rule user interface using Admin UI extensions.
 Requirements
 Shopify Plus
 Only stores on the Shopify Plus plan can use custom order routing location rules.
 You've created a Partner account.
 You've created a development store.
 You've created an app that uses Shopify CLI 3.49.5 or higher. If you previously installed Shopify CLI, then make sure that you're using the latest version.
 Start with the Remix app template if you plan to make your location rule configurable and create a UI for it. Otherwise, start with an extension-only app and let Shopify host it for you.
 You've installed Node.js 16 or higher.
 You've installed your app on the development store.
 Rust-specific requirements
 The following requirements are specific to Rust-based development with Shopify Functions.
 You've installed Rust.
 On Windows, Rust requires the Microsoft C++ Build Tools. Make sure to select the Desktop development with C++ workload when installing the tools.
 You've installed cargo-wasi:
 Terminal
 $ cargo install cargo-wasi
 Note
 If you've previously installed cargo-wasi and updated Rust to version 1.67 or higher, then you also need to update to the latest cargo-wasi by running cargo install cargo-wasi.
 Tutorials
 Follow the tutorial series to go from "Hello World" to a functional location rules experience.
 Tutorial 1: Getting started with building location rules
 Create a new location rule function.
 Tutorial 2: Make your location rule function configurable
 Add configuration to your location rule function using metafields.
 Tutorial 3: Build a location rule user interface
 Build a new page in your app where merchants can view location rules.
 Developer tools and resources
 Explore the following developer tools and resources to get familiar with building location rules.
 Order Routing Location Rule API reference
 Consult the GraphQL reference for the Order Routing Location Rule API.
 Language support
 Learn about the language support and tooling that are available in Shopify Functions.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 What you'll learn
 Requirements
 Tutorials
 Developer tools and resources
 Updates & News
