Product recommendations reference
 Web pixel app extensions
 Marketing activities app extensions
 Product subscription app extensions
 Button
 Buttons enable the merchant to initiate actions, like "add", "save", or "next".
 Props
 Name Type Description Options
 title string The text displayed inside the button.
 type ButtonType? Determines the button’s appearance. primary: Use to indicate the most important action in any given view. There can only be one primary button per view.
 
 basic: Use this to indicate the second-most important action in any given view.
 
 plain: Use this for unpronounced or common actions, like navigating.
 
 destructive: Use this to indicate potentially irreversible actions, or actions that delete data. Only use one destructive action per view.
 onPress (() => void)? Callback when the button is pressed.
 isDisabled boolean? Whether the button should be disabled.
 isLoading boolean? Replaces button text with an activity indicator while a background action is being performed.
 Guidelines
 Stack buttons vertically.
 Use only one primary button and one destructive button in a single view.
 Primary buttons should stick to the bottom of a view and always be visible. When scrolling, content scrolls behind the button.
 Only use multiple buttons in any given view when presenting "either/or" options.
 Content guidelines
 Button content must be as concise as possible to fit inside the component, especially considering that content might be longer when translated. In general, use the [verb] + [item] formula:
 ✅ Add new customer
 ❌ Customer
 You can use just [verb], if it’s obvious from the surrounding context what the [item] is:
 ✅ Filter
 ❌ Filter staff
 Certain actions, like "next", don’t need a verb.
 ✅ Next
 ❌ Go to next page
 Use "add" + [destination] when moving an item that already exists from one place to another (such as adding a product to the cart). The item you’re moving (such as "product") should be clear from the surrounding context, so doesn’t need to be included:
 ✅ Add to cart
 ❌ Add product to cart
 Use "add new" + [item] when creating a new item within the system:
 ✅ Add new customer
 ❌ Create customer
