Functions
 Deployment
 Distribution
 Overview
 Select a distribution method
 Billing
 App Store
 Distributing your app
 After you've added features to your app, you need to decide how to distribute it to merchants.
 The way you choose to distribute your app depends on its purpose and your audience. You can't change the distribution method after you select it, so make sure that you understand the different capabilities and requirements of each type.
 Capabilities and requirements
 The following table shows the capabilities and requirements that are associated with each distribution method:
 Distribution model Number of stores App type Authorization or authentication method Approval required Limitations
 Public distribution Can be installed on multiple Shopify stores Public
 If embedded, token exchange and session tokens
 If not embedded, authorization code grant
 Yes Must sync certain data with Shopify
 Custom distribution Installed on a single Shopify store or on multiple stores that belong to the same Plus organization Custom
 If embedded, token exchange and session tokens
 If not embedded, authorization code grant
 No Can't use the Billing API to charge merchants
 Shopify admin Installed on a single Shopify store Custom Authenticate in the Shopify admin No
 Can't use Shopify App Bridge to display as an embedded app
 Can't use app extensions
 Can't use the Billing API to charge merchants
 Requesting a content size limit exception
 Theme app extensions are subject to file and content size limits. If your app uses custom distribution, or your app has been granted Built for Shopify status in the Shopify App Store, then you can request an exception to the 100 KB Liquid size limit for a theme app extension. File an exemption request using this form.
 Increasing your app's Liquid size could potentially impact its performance. Regular monitoring and optimization is advised.
 Deprecated app types
 The following app types can no longer be created:
 Private apps: Deprecated as of January 2022. A private app was a type of app that one merchant could install directly on their store. If you want to create an app specifically for one merchant's store, then you can create a custom app instead. As of January 20, 2023, all private apps have been automatically migrated and converted to custom apps.
 Unpublished apps: Deprecated as of December 9, 2019. An unpublished app was a type of public app that one or many merchants could install and had all the same functionality as other public apps. However, the app didn't require any approval from Shopify.
 Next steps
 Learn how to select a distribution method in the Partner Dashboard.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Capabilities and requirements
 Deprecated app types
 Next steps
