Overview
 Banners
 Fields
 Delivery and shipping
 Product offers
 Distribution
 Billing
 App Store
 Custom banners and fields
 Shopify Plus
 Checkout UI extensions that render on the information and shipping and payment steps in checkout are available only to stores on a Shopify Plus plan.
 A custom banner is a notice that you can display to customers. A custom field is a property that allows users to enter text into a user interface. This guide introduces custom banners and fields, and describes the available resources that you can use to build them in Shopify checkout.
 How it works
 You can build functionality in your app that allows merchants to display and configure the following experiences:
 Custom banners in checkout
 Custom fields in checkout
 Custom banners
 You can use a checkout UI extension to build a custom banner. The following example shows how to display a banner that renders at the purchase.checkout.block.render target.
 You can support static targets so that extensions can be rendered using the checkout editor in one of the supported locations in checkout.
 Custom fields
 You can use a checkout UI extension to build a custom field. The following example shows a custom field that collects delivery instructions and renders at the purchase.checkout.shipping-option-list.render-after target:
 Getting started
 Follow tutorials to learn how to build custom banners and fields.
 Build a custom banner
 Learn how to add a custom banner to checkout.
 Build a custom checkout field
 Learn how to add custom fields to checkout that customers can use to add delivery instructions to their order.
 Developer tools and resources
 Explore the following developer tools and resources to get familiar with building custom banners and fields.
 Checkout UI extensions API reference
 Consult the API reference for checkout UI targets and their respective types.
 Components for checkout UI extensions
 Learn about the components that are available in checkout UI extensions.
 Checkout extension configuration
 Learn about the properties that you can configure in your checkout UI extension.
 UX guidelines for custom fields
 Explore UX guidelines that you can refer to when building custom fields.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 How it works
 Getting started
 Developer tools and resources
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
