App Store
 Webhooks overview
 Webhooks allow apps to stay in sync with Shopify data or perform an action after a specific event occurs in a shop. Webhooks are a performant alternative to continuously polling for changes to a shop's data.
 For example, a webhook can notify your app when a user changes a product in the Shopify admin. Your app can then perform an action when the product change occurs.
 This guide introduces how webhooks work, introducing terminology and behavior.
 Note
 Webhook data is divided by topic. Refer to the GraphQL Admin API or REST Admin API reference for the complete list of supported webhook topics.
 Some topics also support sub-topics.
 Continuous polling vs. webhook subscriptions
 Webhooks are a performant alternative to continuous polling. The following example uses the orders/create webhook topic to illustrate the difference:
 The app subscribes to the orders/create topic for a shop and listens for order creation events.
 The app specifies an HTTPS endpoint hosted by the app server to receive events for the topic.
 An order on the shop is created.
 The event is published to the orders/create topic.
 Shopify sends the webhook with an order payload to the subscription endpoint.
 Use cases
 Common webhook use cases include the following:
 Sending notifications to IM clients and pagers
 Collecting data for data-warehousing
 Integrating with accounting software
 Filtering order items and informing shipping companies about orders
 Removing customer data from a database for app uninstalls
 Webhook concepts
 Shopify can notify your app whenever an event of business significance occurred, for example when a new product is created for a shop. A webhook is an event message that's delivered to your app using HTTPS, Google Cloud Pub/Sub, or Amazon EventBridge.
 Webhook topic
 Webhooks are organized into topics. Your app subscribes to one topic per shop to receive webhooks each time that type of event is triggered for that shop in Shopify. The topic defines the kind of event messages that the app receives. For example, your app can subscribe to the products/create topic to be notified about new products that are created.
 Topics have a name that identifies the nature of the event that's triggered.
 Webhook subscription
 A webhook subscription declares the app’s intention to receive webhooks for a topic. A subscription includes the topic and the subscription endpoint, which is the destination where Shopify sends webhooks
 For example, if your app needs to know about new products that are created in a shop, then you can subscribe to the products/create topic. Whenever a products/create event occurs, an event message is delivered to the endpoint the app set up as the destination when it subscribed.
 Webhook headers
 In addition to the message payload, each webhook message has a variety of headers containing additional context.
 For example, an orders/create webhook can include the following headers:
 Example webhook headers
 1 X-Shopify-Topic: `orders/create`
 2 X-Shopify-Hmac-Sha256: `XWmrwMey6OsLMeiZKwP4FppHH3cmAiiJJAweH5Jo4bM=`
 3 X-Shopify-Shop-Domain: `{shop}.myshopify.com`
 4 X-Shopify-API-Version: `2024-04`
 5 X-Shopify-Webhook-Id: `b54557e4-bdd9-4b37-8a5f-bf7d70bcd043`
 6 X-Shopify-Triggered-At: `2023-03-29T18:00:27.877041743Z`
 The following header fields are used:
 Header fields
 Field Use
 X-Shopify-Hmac-Sha256
 If you're using a PHP, or a Rack-based framework such as Ruby on Rails or Sinatra, then the header is HTTP_X_SHOPIFY_HMAC_SHA256.
 Verify webhooks that are sent using an HTTPS endpoint
 X-Shopify-Webhook-Id Identify unique webhooks
 X-Shopify-Shop-Domain Identify the associated store
 X-Shopify-Triggered-At
 Time in UTC format.
 Identify the date and time when Shopify triggered the webhook
 Webhook behavior
 The following sections describe how webhooks act in Shopify.
 Webhook order
 Webhooks are sent in order for each resource and topic combination. For example, each products/update webhook for the same product is delivered in order.
 API versions
 The header X-Shopify-API-Version specifies what version of the Admin API was used to serialize the webhook event payload. You can configure your app to use a specific API version for all webhooks and that version will be used whenever possible.
 If an app is set to use an API version that is no longer supported, then Shopify will fall forward to use the oldest supported version.
 Limitations
 Ordering isn't guaranteed between different topics for the same resource. For example, it's possible that a products/update webhook might be delivered before a products/create webhook.
 An endpoint might receive the same webhook event more than once. You can detect duplicate webhook events by comparing the X-Shopify-Webhook-Id header to previous events.
 Your app must be ready to accept the webhook. If it isn't setup to receive the webhook, then webhook delivery isn't guaranteed (see troubleshooting to learn about our retries mechanism). If a webhook is critical to your app, then you should implement reconciliation jobs to fetch data from Shopify periodically.
 Testing webhooks
 You can test your webhook subscriptions, or view the webhook payload, by triggering the webhook. You can trigger webhooks in the following ways:
 Manually, using the Shopify CLI webhook trigger command. Manually triggering webhooks doesn't test your webhook subscriptions.
 By performing the related action in a Shopify store that has your app installed.
 Troubleshooting
 If a webhook has 13 or more consecutive failed deliveries, then Shopify notifies you by email. A webhook is removed when 19 consecutive retried delivery attempts fail.
 If your app was created in the Partner Dashboard or using Shopify CLI, then you can use the webhook delivery metrics report to troubleshoot delivery failures and get information on performance.
 Next steps
 Learn about webhook best practices, including how to respond quickly to webhooks, track failures, recover webhooks, and more.
 Learn how to configure your app to use webhooks.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Continuous polling vs. webhook subscriptions
 Use cases
 Webhook concepts
 Webhook behavior
 Limitations
 Testing webhooks
 Troubleshooting
 Next steps
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
