Subscription discounts
 Refunds
 Offering free trials
 Viewing charges and earnings
 Best practices
 App Store
 Subscription discounts
 Creating an app subscription with a discount is a way to incentivize new merchants to try out the app at a lower cost. You can use the GraphQL Admin API to offer a percentage-value or fixed-price discount.
 How it works
 You can apply subscription discounts for a set number of billing cycles, such as 20% off for six billing cycles. You can discount subscriptions for new and existing subscribers.
 Taxes, Shopify service fees, and revenue share are calculated based on the discounted price and not the base price.
 When discounts begin
 A discount can be applied to annual and 30-day subscriptions. Subscription discounts apply the next time that the subscription is charged. If you change the app subscription price, then the discount applies to the remaining portion of the current billing interval and the subscription's future billing intervals.
 If you offer trial days with discounts, then the discount applies after the trial ends and when the app billing interval begins. If an app subscription is currently in a trial period and you add an app subscription discount, then the trial ends and the subscription with the discount applies immediately.
 If you have specified a set number of billing intervals for your discount, then the time starts counting down from the moment that the discount is applied. Trial periods are ignored. If you don't specify a limit to the number of billing intervals for the discount, then the discount is considered limitless and applies indefinitely to the subscription.
 When proration affects discounts
 If your new subscription requires prorating, such as when the subscription's price or billing interval is changed, then the discounted price is used when Shopify calculates the prorated amount.
 If the new subscription doesn't require proration, then the discounted price starts from the renewal date.
 Learn more about prorated charges and credits.
 When discounts end
 You can remove a discount from a subscription at any time. Create a new subscription, without a discount, for the merchant to approve.
 The merchant is charged the discounted price for the remainder of the billing interval unless a proration is required, such as for an increase or decrease in price. If a price change is created with a discount, then the discount is applied to the remaining value until the next subscription.
 Next steps
 Create a percentage-value discount
 Use the GraphQL Admin API to discount a percentage of a subcsription.
 Create a fixed-price discount
 Use the GraphQL Admin API to discount a fixed amount of a subscription.
 Best practices
 Learn best practices for app billing.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 How it works
 Next steps
 Updates & News
