Extension-only apps
 Extension-only apps are apps that don't have embedded app pages. Because they're made up entirely of extensions, you can host extension-only apps on Shopify.
 Extension-only apps have a Shopify-populated app URL, which you can optionally change, to build embedded app pages or list your app on the Shopify App Store.
 Note
 Extension-only apps must be custom apps.
 Create an extension-only app
 Create a new app, give it a name, and choose Start by adding your first extension.
 Terminal
 npm
 Yarn
 pnpm
 $ npm init @shopify/app@latest
 After you've created your app, you can configure your app, generate extensions, and deploy your app.
 App extensions that can be included in an extension-only app
 The following table lists the app extensions that are compatible with extension-only apps.
 Shopify interface area App extension Create using Description
 The Shopify admin Admin actions Shopify CLI Add custom modals to resource pages in the Shopify admin.
 Admin blocks Shopify CLI Add custom cards to resource pages in the Shopify admin.
 Admin links Partner Dashboard Add quick links to your app from any page in the Shopify admin.
 Bulk action links Partner Dashboard Add bulk app actions to any resource page in the Shopify admin.
 Marketing activities Partner Dashboard Enable users to manage promotional campaigns and marketing automations from the Marketing page.
 Subscription link Partner Dashboard Customize the link that allow users to see the subscription details in your subscription-enabled app.
 Checkout Checkout UI extensions Shopify CLI Add custom workflows and functionality at defined points in the checkout flow.
 Shopify Functions Shopify CLI Inject custom code into key areas of the Shopify platform, such as checkout or cart.
 Post-purchase Shopify CLI Help users increase sales by adding products for purchase after checkout.
 Customer accounts Customer account UI extensions Shopify CLI Add functionality at defined points in new customer accounts.
 Flow Triggers Shopify CLI Connect your app to Shopify Flow so that events that occur in your app can trigger workflows.
 Actions Shopify CLI Connect your app to Shopify Flow so that your app receives data when a workflow action runs.
 Webhooks Partner Dashboard Improve efficiency by letting Shopify Flow notify your app when your triggers are in use.
 Shopify Point of Sale (POS) POS UI Extensions Shopify CLI Add custom functionality at defined areas in the POS app.
 Next steps
 Learn how to deploy your extensions that you built using Shopify CLI.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Create an extension-only app
 App extensions that can be included in an extension-only app
 Next steps
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
