Product recommendations reference
 Web pixel app extensions
 Marketing activities app extensions
 Product subscription app extensions
 Search bar
 The search bar lets merchants enter search queries for objects throughout the app.
 Props
 Name Type Description
 initialValue string? The initial text value in the search bar. This is different from placeHolder, which is displayed in the search bar when the search bar doesn't have a populated string.
 onTextChange ((value: string) => void)? A callback containing the new text value of the search bar.
 onSearch (value: string) => void  A callback that you can execute when the search button is tapped.
 onFocus (() => void)? A callback when the input is focused.
 editable boolean? Whether the text can be changed.
 placeholder string? The placeholder value to display in the search bar when no text is entered.
 Guidelines
 The global search bar should appear at the very top of a view, above the header. This is because it searches for things beyond the scope of that page.
 The inline search bar should appear at the top of a list, but under the header.
 The search bar should be sticky and remain at the top of the page when the merchant scrolls.
 When a merchant selects the search bar, the bar enters the focused state.
 When entering the focused state, the border turns blue and the search icon changes to a back arrow icon. Selecting the back arrow lets merchants return to the default state.
 If it’s an inline search bar, entering focused state should also move the search bar to the top of the screen.
 When a merchant starts entering a search query, the bar enters the filled state.
 Selecting the X deletes the merchant’s search query, but keeps them in the focused state so that they can immediately enter a new search query.
 Content guidelines
 For the placeholder text, use the pattern: "Search {items}"
 ✅ Search staff
 ❌ Search
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Props
 Guidelines
 Content guidelines
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
