Design guidelines
 Overview
 App structure
 Overview
 Anatomy
 App body
 Max modal
 Admin UI extensions
 Layout
 Visual design
 Content
 Navigation
 User experience
 Checkout
 Customer accounts
 Billing
 App Store
 App structure
 Apps are structured to work seamlessly with the Shopify admin and to provide an intuitive experience for merchants.
 Switch to desktop view
 Switch to mobile view
 Anatomy
 The Shopify admin
 App nav
 App header
 Page header
 Overflow menu
 App body
 Apps consist of a few navigation elements and the app body, which is the center of your app’s experience.
 App navigation is strictly configured, and it’s an important part of providing a great merchant experience. For more details, refer to the navigation guidelines.
 Switch to desktop view
 Switch to mobile view
 App body
 The app body is where your app’s main experience lives.
 Be sure to follow the layout guidelines when you choose a layout for the app body.
 Max modal UPDATED
 
 Formerly known as "Full-screen mode"
 Max modal is a focused environment for specific immersive tasks. Refer to Polaris for guidance on overlays.
 The modal utilizes the following areas of the app interface:
 Modal header
 The max modal can contain a top bar element to render a primary and a secondary action.
 App body
 The modal body is where you can add all the content for a full-screen experience.
 Switch to desktop view
 Switch to mobile view
 When to use max modal
 Use max modal when merchants need to complete a focused task, where leveraging the full viewport improves the user experience.
 The following are some example use cases:
 Complex editing experiences, such as an editor for creating newsletter content
 Immersive experiences, such as an editor for cropping and modifying images
 Previews, such as an app that adds elements to a product page and enables merchants to preview changes
 Behavior
 Max modal launches only after merchants interact with a button that indicates the entire canvas will be used.
 Must Do NEW
 Primary navigation for the app should be shown in the top bar of the modal and the primary actions must not be duplicated. This applies to developers using the latest version of App Bridge.
 Must Do
 If there are unsaved changes, prompt merchants to save before exiting full-screen mode.
 Do Not
 Don’t unnecessarily interrupt a merchant’s workflow when exiting modal.
 Do Not APP STORE REQUIREMENT
 Your app must not launch full-screen or the max modal from the app nav. Instead, they must launch from the app body. This is an app store requirement.
 FullscreenBar
 The Polaris FullscreenBar component enables merchants to exit a full-screen interface.
 Return merchants to the same screen where they entered full-screen mode.
 Info
 Update to the latest version of App Bridge by adding the app-bridge.js script tag to the <head> of each document of your app.
 After March 1, FullscreenBar will no longer be supported. Please update to the latest version of App Bridge.
 Must Do
 Return merchants to the screen that they were previously on when they exit full-screen mode.
 Must Do
 In full-screen mode, display the FullscreenBar component with a back button.
 Admin UI extensions
 Use admin UI extensions to integrate more deeply with the Shopify admin and create seamless merchant workflows.
 Choose from the following extensions:
 Admin block
 Admin action
 Admin link
 Bulk action
 Additional admin extensions are available for more specific use cases.
 Do Not APP STORE REQUIREMENT
 The extension can't be used to display promotions or advertisements. This includes promoting your app, related apps, or requesting app reviews. This is an app store requirement.
 App attribution
 Shopify will badge all admin UI extensions with the app icon, name, and a link to your app URL.
 The app attribution component displays your app's logo and extension name as it displays in the Shopify App Store.
 When to use admin blocks
 Use admin block extensions to offer your app’s functionality or data in the context of a resource detail page. Merchants have the option to add your app block to a page, and arrange it in the page layout.
 App blocks can be embedded into Product, Order, or Customer detail pages using these extension targets.
 Learn more about admin blocks.
 Must Do
 Contents must be less than 600px in height, to avoid overly tall app blocks. If necessary, implement pagination to ensure that this requirement is met.
 Must Do
 Input fields must be visible at all times. If necessary, app blocks should trigger app actions to ensure that this requirement is met.
 Must Do
 Your block must have an empty state that informs merchants about what your app block does. For example, it should tell merchants what data will display in the block.
 Tip
 Inputs in your block can work with the contextual save bar by using the Form component, which provides merchants with a familiar save and validation experience.
 When to use admin actions
 Use admin action extensions to offer merchants quick access to common actions that they might do with your app. Because apps can add an unlimited number of admin actions, use discrete actions for discrete purposes.
 App actions can be targeted to these extension targets.
 Learn more about admin actions.
 Apps can have multiple admin action extensions, which display in the More actions menus.
 Must Do
 Don't allow action content to exceed 1200px and don't use more than two steps of pagination. Otherwise, your app can be difficult to navigate.
 When to use admin links and bulk actions
 If your content doesn't fit well within the format of the block or action, then use an admin link or bulk action instead. If an interaction is complex, such as one that requires more screen space, then routing merchants into your app is a better experience.
 Examples include a multi-step process, a very long form with multiple dynamic sections, or a complex editor with several columns.
 Admin links show up in the More actions menus.
 Bulk actions show up in the More actions menu of bulk actions controls.
 Combining extensions
 Use app actions and blocks together to provide a more focused merchant experience.
 Tip
 An admin block can trigger an admin action. For more information, refer to the extension custom protocol.
 Do Not
 Don't duplicate the content of your admin blocks and admin actions. Differentiating the functionality and value of your blocks and actions helps merchants understand which extensions to use and when.
 Previous
 App Design Guidelines
 Next
 Layout
 Was this page helpful?
