Segment query language reference
 Datasets
 Orders dataset
 Products dataset
 Payment attempts dataset
 Product subscription app extensions
 Orders dataset
 Use ShopifyQL to access the dataset to explore data about order value and volume.
 This page outlines the definition, type, and utility of each ShopifyQL column including numeric values, aggregates, and dimensional attributes.
 Notes about this dataset
 This dataset contains one order per row, and has data available starting August 1, 2018. Refunds, returns, and exchanges are captured, deleted orders are removed entirely. All gift card sale items are excluded from this dataset as well. This is because gift cards are considered a liability/payment method rather than actual goods/services sold. The date assigned to each order is the date of the first sales event within that order.
 All money values are shown in the registered currency of the shop. All metrics are fully additive, which means they are summable with any dimension in the dataset and are always the same.
 Numeric values
 Numeric values are the base numbers in the dataset. They’re typically aggregated using ShopifyQL functions like sum.
 Notes about this dataset
 This dataset is available for Plus merchants.
 Name Type Definition
 additional_fees price The additional fees applied to the order in the shop's currency
 discounts price The value of discounts applied to the order
 duties price The duties applied when shipping internationally
 gross_sales price The total value of items sold in the order
 net_sales price The total value of items sold, subtracting any discounts applied and items returned
 ordered_product_quantity number The number of products ordered
 returned_product_quantity number The number of products returned
 net_product_quantity number The quantity of products ordered, subtracts returns
 orders number The count of orders, used to aggregate over time periods
 shipping price The amount charged for shipping, subtracts any shipping discounts or refunds
 taxes price The total amount of taxes charged based on the orders
 tips price The value of tips
 returns price The value of returned items
 gross_sales_adjustments price The adjustments to gross sales after the initial order, includes order edits and exchanges
 discounts_adjustments price The adjustments to discounts after the initial order, includes order edits and exchanges
 Aggregates
 Aggregates are predefined calculations of numeric values, to replicate metrics that are available throughout Shopify. Aggregates can be grouped or filtered by any of the dimensional attributes.
 Name Type Definition
 average_order_value price The average order value, which equates to gross sales (excluding adjustments) minus discounts (excluding adjustments), divided by the number of orders
 Formula: SUM((gross_sales - gross_sales_adjustments) + (discounts - discounts_adjustments))/SUM(orders)
 Dimensional attributes
 Name Type Definition
 billing_city string The city from the customer's billing address
 billing_country string The country from the customer's billing address
 billing_region string The region, state or province, from the customer's billing address
 order_id number The order identifier used in Shopify
 sales_channel string The channel where the sale came from, like online store
 shipping_city string The city where the order shipped
 shipping_country string The country where the order shipped
 shipping_region string The state or province where the order shipped
 Sample Queries
 1. Show net sales by month
 Note
 The query will need to SUM() the net_sales metric. This is because the dataset contains net sales per order, and has to be aggregated.
 1 FROM orders SHOW sum(net_sales) AS monthly_net_sales
 2 GROUP BY month
 3 SINCE -3m
 4 ORDER BY month
 2. Show the number of orders per day over a time period
 1 FROM orders
 2 VISUALIZE sum(orders) AS orders
 3 TYPE line
 4 GROUP BY day
 5 SINCE last_month UNTIL yesterday LIMIT 100
 3. Show average order value per day over a time period
 1 FROM orders
 2 VISUALIZE average_order_value
 3 TYPE line
 4 GROUP BY day ALL
 5 SINCE last_month UNTIL yesterday LIMIT 100
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Notes about this dataset
 Numeric values
 Notes about this dataset
 Aggregates
 Dimensional attributes
 Sample Queries
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
 Partner blog
 Engineering blog
