B2B
 Channels
 Overview
 Getting started
 Scheduled publishing
 Distribution
 Billing
 App Store
 Getting started with a sales channel app
 To build a sales channel app, you need to create an app and turn it into a sales channel app.
 After you've turned your app into a sales channel app, you'll need to create a channel app experience using Channels UI and onboard merchants.
 What you'll learn
 After finishing this tutorial, you'll know how to do the following tasks:
 Turn an app into a sales channel app
 Request payment processing
 Requirements
 You've created a Partner account and a development store.
 Step 1: Create a public app
 Caution
 If you create an app via the CLI, then don't install the app on your development store. You won't be able to convert the app into a sales channel app if the app has been installed.
 From your Partner Dashboard, click Apps.
 Click Create app.
 Click Create app manually.
 Enter your app name and click Create.
 On the app overview page, click Choose distribution.
 Click Public distribution.
 Step 2: Turn an app into a sales channel app
 Caution
 Turning an app into a sales channel is a process that can't be reversed. If you no longer want your app to be a sales channel, then you'll need to re-create it.
 After you've created an app, you can turn it into a sales channel app.
 From your app's overview screen, click Configuration.
 In the Sales channel section, click Turn app into sales channel.
 Click Turn app into sales channel again to confirm that you want to convert your app into a sales channel.
 Click Save.
 After you've turned your app into a sales channel app, you can install it on your storefront through the CLI or the Partner Dashboard.
 Step 3: Request payment processing (Optional)
 After you've turned your app into a sales channel app, you can request payment processing. You should request payment processing only if you intend to process non-2D payments, such as Augmented Reality (AR), Virtual Reality (VR), or Voice payments.
 If your app will process payments, then your selling platform must be PCI-compliant. You can meet PCI requirements by using a payment service, such as Stripe or Spreedly, or by providing Shopify with a certificate of compliance.
 In the Sales Channel section, on the Payment processing card, click Request payment processing.
 On the Payment processing page that opens, select your PCI DSS compliance status, as described in the following table:
 PCI DSS status Description
 My platform is not PCI-compliant You must determine a strategy for processing payments.
 My platform uses Stripe You have an existing platform account with Stripe and would like to use Shopify's Stripe integration.
 My platform uses a service such as Spreedly to deliver payment tokens You'd like to use Spreedly or similar service for credit card tokenization and PAN forwarding.
 My platform has a certificate of compliance If you already have a PCI compliant solution in place, then you can provide Shopify with the Attestation of compliance.
 In the Channel function textbox, provide a description of your channel's function.
 This should be a high level overview of your channel that outlines the functionality and benefit that the channel provides to merchants.
 In the Customer purchasing experience section, provide a description of how customers will purchase products on your channel. You should include information about how customers do the following:
 Access the channel
 View products listed on the channel
 Add products to a cart
 Purchase products added to a cart
 In the Intended channel audience section, specify whether you're building the channel for a single merchant, or for multiple merchants. If you select Multiple stores or clients, then specify the number of stores.
 In the Selling platform relationship section, specify whether you own the channel where customers will purchase products, or if you're building the channel independently or on behalf of a channel owner.
 Optional: Enter your channel's website.
 Click Request payment processing.
 A request for payment processing can take up to 7 business days. You'll receive a notification when your request is processed.
 Next steps
 Create a channel app experience using Channels UI.
 Onboard merchants.
 Step 1: Create a public app
 Step 2: Turn an app into a sales channel app
 Step 3: Request payment processing (Optional)
 Next steps
 Updates & News
