Migrating to Online Store 2.0
 Troubleshooting
 Theme Store
 Tools for building Shopify themes
 Shopify provides a range of tools to help you build Shopify themes faster.
 Tools for building and editing themes
 The following tools help you quickly scaffold, test, share, and develop Shopify themes.
 Shopify CLI 3.x
 A powerful command-line tool for building Shopify themes, and exploring Liquid code in a REPL interface.
 Shopify Liquid VS Code extension
 Use the Shopify Liquid Visual Studio Code extension to improve your local development experience.
 Legacy tools
 Shopify CLI 2.x
 The previous major version of Shopify CLI.
 Theme Kit
 A legacy command-line tool for building Shopify themes.
 Web-based editors for themes
 The following tools can be used by merchants and developers to customize themes in the Shopify admin. As a developer, you should account for these tools when you're developing your theme to ensure the best merchant experience.
 Admin theme editor
 An interactive editor that lets merchants customize their online store and theme.
 Admin code editor
 A code editor built into the Shopify admin.
 Access tools
 The following tools allow you to access Shopify infrastructure for testing, and help you to safely access merchant stores.
 Development stores
 A free Shopify account that you can use to build and test themes.
 Collaborator accounts
 An account that lets you access and manage a merchant's store through the Partner Dashboard.
 Theme Access app
 An app that grants programmatic access to themes in a particular store. Used with Shopify CLI and Theme Kit.
 Version control tools
 The Shopify GitHub integration helps you to track and push changes to and from a theme in a Shopify store by using Git.
 Shopify GitHub integration
 Manage your Shopify theme code by using Git version control.
 Testing tools
 The following tools help you to optimize and detect errors in your theme code.
 Theme Check
 A command-line based linter for themes. Also offered as part of the Shopify Liquid Visual Studio Code extension.
 Liquid Prettier Plugin
 Use the Liquid Prettier Plugin to format your Liquid and HTML in a consistent style.
 Shopify Theme Inspector for Chrome
 Profile and debug your Liquid template performance with this extension for Chrome Developer Tools.
 Lighthouse CI
 Ensure that your theme is performant by using the Lighthouse CI GitHub Action.
 Tools for learning Liquid
 The following tools help you to learn and write Liquid.
 ImageryNEW
 Learn how to write image tags, and understand how images are dynamically transformed with Imagery.
 Example theme
 The Dawn theme is Shopify's example theme. You can refer to it to understand how a theme can be put together, or fork it as a starting point to build your own theme.
 Dawn
 Use Dawn as an example of how to build a Shopify theme.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Tools for building and editing themes
 Web-based editors for themes
 Access tools
 Version control tools
 Testing tools
 Tools for learning Liquid
 Example theme
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
 Partner blog
