Product recommendations reference
 Web pixel app extensions
 Marketing activities app extensions
 Product subscription app extensions
 Dialog
 A dialog is a high-priority, intentionally disruptive message that requires action from the merchant before they can continue using POS.
 Props
 Name Type Description
 title string The text displayed in the title of the dialog.
 content string? The text displayed in the body of the dialog.
 actionText string The text displayed in the primary action button of the dialog.
 secondaryActionText string? The text displayed in the secondary action section of the dialog.
 showSecondaryAction boolean? Whether a secondary action displays.
 type? "default" | "alert" | "error" | "destructive" Determines the dialog’s appearance and function:
 
 default: The bar at top of dialog appears blue. Use for non-errors, to inform the merchant and ask for acknowledgement.
 
 alert: The bar at top of dialog appears yellow. Use to notify merchants about anticipated issues or unintended consequences.
 
 error: The bar at top of dialog appears red. Use to communicate critical issues that the merchant needs to resolve right away.
 
 destructive: The primary button text appears red. Use for actions that will delete information, or actions that aren’t easily reversible.
 onAction () => void A callback that performs when the action is triggered.
 onSecondaryAction (() => void)? A callback that is executed when the secondary action is triggered.
 isVisible boolean Whether the dialog should be presented.
 Guidelines
 A dialog appears on top of the view the merchant is currently looking at.
 When a dialog appears, the merchant can only interact with the buttons in the dialog and nothing else in the view.
 A scrim is used to dim the UI in the background, using the surfaceBackground color set to 60% transparency.
 Dialogs always include at least one action, two actions at most.
 Buttons in dialogs work best when stacked to accommodate for longer translated content.
 When buttons are displayed side-by-side, the primary action is on the right. When buttons are stacked, the primary action is at the top.
 For buttons that initiate irreversible actions, the text should be displayed in "destructive" (red) state.
 Content guidelines
 For confirmation dialogs, the header should be formed as a question that re-emphasizes the action being taken. Don't write: "Are you sure?"
 ✅ Log out of Shopify POS?
 ❌ Are you sure you want to log out of Shopify POS?
 ❌ You’re about to log out of Shopify POS
 For confirmation dialogs, the primary button should clearly confirm the action while the secondary button should cancel the action with "Cancel":
 ✅ [Primary button] Log out
 ❌ [Primary button] Yes
 For errors, the header should clearly communicate the problem rather than the solution (use the body and button to communicate the solution):
 ✅ [Header] Transaction declined
 ❌ [Header] Retry transaction
 For informational dialogs where there's no action for the merchant to take but to acknowledge the message, the sole button should be "OK":
 ✅ [Button] OK
 ❌ [Button] Understood
 ❌ [Button] Dismiss
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Props
 Guidelines
 Content guidelines
 Updates & News
