Point of Sale app extensions
 Web pixel app extensions
 Marketing activities app extensions
 Product subscription app extensions
 Fulfillment Constraints Function API overview
 The Fulfillment Constraints API enables you to have a higher degree of customization when defining fulfillment and delivery strategies. With this API, checkout won't return any shipping rates if the configured constraints can't be met.
 Example use cases
 Ensure that n cart line items are fulfilled from the same location.
 Ensure that n cart line items are fulfilled from any of the locations in a list.
 Currently supported constraint types
 MustFulfillFrom: Specifies a list of locations where cart items must be fulfilled from. If the cart items with constraints are not stocked at any of the locations in the list, then checkout won't return any shipping rates and completion of checkout will be blocked.
 MustFulfillFromSameLocation: Specifies that cart items must be fulfilled from the same location. If the cart items with constraints aren't stocked at the same location, then checkout won't return any shipping rates and completion of checkout will be blocked.
 Developer tools and resources
 Shopify CLI
 A command-line tool for building Shopify apps.
 Fulfillment Constraints API reference
 Consult the GraphQL reference for the Fulfillment Constraints API.
 Limitations and considerations
 The Fulfillment Constraints functions currently support Checkout, Subscriptions and Draft Order invoice checkout.
 The Fulfillment Constraints API doesn't currently support local pickup.
 Customized constraint types aren't currently supported.
 The Function's title and description are merchant-facing values, and are rendered as part of the user interface in the Shopify admin settings under Shipping and delivery > Order routing.
 Next steps
 Learn how to use Shopify Functions by building fulfillment constraints.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Example use cases
 Currently supported constraint types
 Developer tools and resources
 Limitations and considerations
 Next steps
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
 Partner blog
