Billing
 App Store
 Getting started with bundles
 This guide describes how to get started with bundles, and describes the available implementation options.
 How it works
 To create a bundles app, you need to configure a bundle and create a bundle UI extension.
 Bundles configuration
 To configure a bundle, you can do one or both of the following tasks:
 Implement the bundles product API to implement a fixed bundle.
 Create a bundles Shopify Function to group lines together as they’re added to the cart, with configuration data in metafields. When you create a bundles Shopify Function, you need to build a theme app block. This block replaces the variant picker in Online store themes to add all of the required bundle components.
 Bundle UI extension
 Create a bundle UI extension to summarize bundle components for Shopify admin product and product variant pages.
 Configure app extension for bundles app link to create and update bundle components, from the Partner Dashboard.
 Create pages in your embedded app using Shopify App Bridge to allow users to perform the following tasks:
 Configure bundle components for creating a new bundle product.
 Update an existing bundle.
 Implementation
 Apps can configure and operate bundle products in the following ways:
 Fixed bundles: Lets users configure product variants that are fulfilled with a bundle of products as a product grouping API.
 Customized bundles: Uses the cartTransform object to convert a group of products added to the cart into a bundle and adjust the price automatically.
 Note
 In this documentation, we'll exclusively cover the customized bundles with functions implementation path.
 The following table provides a comparison of the two implementation options:
 Fixed bundles with the GraphQL Admin API Customized bundles with cartTransform object
 Admin Configuration - -
 Definition Using the GraphQL Admin API Through the cartTransform object, and the metafields and metabjects on that object.
 Pricing The price is derived from the parent variant.
 
 The bundle price is allocated across components in the checkout, cart, and orders using a weighted price algorithm. For expand, the price is derived from the parent. For merge, the price is derived from components, with a price adjustment applied in the function.
 
 The bundle price is allocated across components in the checkout, cart, and orders using a weighted price algorithm.
 Discounts Discount calculated on the parent then allocated on the components. Discount calculated on the parent then allocated on the components.
 Taxes Taxes will be computed on the components. Taxes will be computed on the components.
 Storefront - -
 Product details page, buyer chooses Parent bundle variant
 
 Works without Liquid change
 
 Sellable quantity is available through Liquid Multiple component variants
 
 App is responsible for its own variant picker on the product details page
 
 Sellable quantity is only available through the Storefront API
 Cart add Input:
 Parent bundle variant
 
 Displayed as grouped in cart and checkout
 
 Output fields:
 In cart, potential to query cart.line.components Input:
 Multiple component variants
 
 Displayed as grouped in cart and checkout
 
 Output fields:
 In cart, potential to query cart.line.components
 Oversell protection Always: Shopify maintains sellable quantities on the parent bundle variant.
 
 The parent inventory quantity is the minimum of the component's inventory quantities. Storefront: App maintains instock/out of stock for the parent.
 
 Post-add-to-cart: Components are always checked in cart and checkout providing some built-in oversell protection.
 Bundle grouping Grouped by bundle parent variant ID (item added to the cart) Grouped by bundle parent variant ID (assigned by function)
 Admin Orders - -
 Default fulfillment constraint No fulfillment constraint No fulfillment constraint
 Store in order lines Components, with reference to parent through groupings Components, with reference to parent through groupings
 Refund/Returns Operates at the component level Operates at the component level
 Reports Sales reporting at the component level Sales reporting at the component level
 Next steps
 Add a customized bundle using Shopify Functions.
 Add a fixed bundle using the GraphQL Admin API.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 How it works
 Implementation
