Bring your own stack
 Building with the Storefront API
 Building with the Customer Account API
 Additional SDKs
 Overview
 Web SDKs
 Storefront API Client
 Buy Button JS
 JS Buy SDK
 Web Components
 Backend SDKs
 JS Buy SDK
 The JavaScript (JS) Buy SDK is a lightweight library that lets you add commerce to any website. It's based on Shopify's Storefront API and provides the ability to retrieve products and collections from your store, add products to a cart, and check out.
 Requirements
 You've created a development store or have a production store.
 You've created products or collections in your store.
 You have experience writing JavaScript. The JS Buy SDK tool is intended for use by developers who are experienced with JavaScript.
 You have a website and want to add commerce functionality to it.
 Step 1: Generate an access token
 To generate an access token, you can generate one in the Shopify admin. Alternatively, you can create a custom app and use authorization code grant.
 Step 2: Make your products and collections available
 After you've generated an access token, you need to make products and collections available to your custom app to access them from your app. After the products and collections are available, you can retrieve them using their respective IDs.
 Tip
 If you have many products or collections, then you can use bulk actions to make them available in one step.
 Make a product available
 From your Shopify admin, go to Products.
 From the Products page, click the product you want to make available.
 Next to SALES CHANNELS AND APPS click Manage.
 In the Sales channels and apps dialog box, select the box next to the name of your custom app.
 Make a collection available
 From your Shopify admin, go to Products and click Collections.
 From the Collections page, click the collection you want to make available.
 Next to SALES CHANNELS AND APPS click Manage.
 In the Sales channels and apps dialog box, select the box next to the name of your custom app.
 Step 3: Access the JS Buy SDK
 The JS Buy SDK can render data on the client side or server. Using the JS Buy SDK, you can do the following:
 Fetch information about a single product or a collection of products
 Create a shopping cart
 Allow customers to select options and quantities
 Generate a checkout URL for a single product or an entire cart
 View the JS Buy SDK on GitHub
 Where to get help
 This SDK isn't supported by Shopify support, but there are other places where you can get help.
 Open a GitHub issue
 You can open an issue in the GitHub repository.
 Shopify Community forums
 Visit our forums to connect with the community and learn more about the Shopify API and app development.
 Hire a Shopify Partner
 Find a Shopify Partner for hire in our ecosystem of talented development agencies.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Requirements
 Step 1: Generate an access token
 Step 2: Make your products and collections available
 Step 3: Access the JS Buy SDK
 Where to get help
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
 Partner blog
