Revenue share for Shopify App Store developers
 App developers who sell apps on the Shopify App Store pay 20% in app revenue share to Shopify by default. However, app developers can register for a reduced revenue share plan. In this plan, Shopify collects 15% revenue share on annual gross app revenue earned through the Shopify App Store. Additionally, for developers who meet eligibility requirements, Shopify collects 0% revenue share on the first $1,000,000 USD in annual gross app revenue earned through the Shopify App Store.
 Note
 Effective January 1, 2024, developers who earn $20,000,000 USD or more through the Shopify App Store annually, or who have a gross company revenue of $100,000,000 USD or more annually, are not eligible to pay 0% revenue share on the first $1,000,000 USD in annual gross app revenue. Eligibility is reassessed annually. Shopify will reach out to confirm eligibility as needed.
 Registering for the reduced revenue share plan
 All Partner accounts need to complete a one-time Shopify App Store registration to access the reduced revenue share plan. When you register, you must pay a one-time fee of $19 USD per Partner account.
 Registration and fee payment isn't required if you're only developing private or custom apps.
 Developers must identify all of their Associated Developer Accounts during registration.
 Steps:
 In the Partner Dashboard, go to Settings.
 In the App Store registration section, click Register now.
 On the Register for the Shopify App Store page, enter the following information:
 whether your account is owned by an individual or an entity
 whether you have any Associated Developer Accounts
 an owner email address and business name for each associated account
 Review your information to verify that it adheres to the Associated Developer Accounts requirements in the Partner Program Agreement.
 Click Add payment method and enter your payment information.
 Click Register.
 Calculating Shopify App Store revenue
 Revenue share for the reduced revenue share plan is calculated using the following formulas:
 Note
 These formulas are effective January 1, 2024.
 Prior calendar year's earnings Calculation formula
 Developers who earned $20,000,000 USD in gross earnings or more through the Shopify App Store in the prior calendar year, or who have gross company revenue of $100,000,000 USD or more in the prior calendar year Partners pay 15% on all app revenue
 Developers who earned less than $20,000,000 USD in gross earnings through the Shopify App Store in the prior calendar year, and who have gross company revenue under $100,000,000 USD in the prior calendar year
 Partners pay 0% revenue share on their first $1,000,000 USD in gross app revenues for that calendar year
 Partners pay 15% revenue share on earnings over $1,000,000 USD for the remainder of that calendar year
 Every year on January 1, the revenue share resets to 0% until the Partner reaches $1,000,000 USD for that calendar year
 Revenue share calculation for the reduced revenue share plan is subject to the following conditions:
 Every year on January 1, the amount a Partner has earned resets to zero.
 If a Partner earns revenue across multiple apps, then revenue share is calculated based on the total cumulative revenue of all the apps, including apps developed under any Associated Developer Accounts.
 Even though total gross app revenue is calculated across all Associated Developer Accounts, revenue share is still paid out separately at the Partner account level.
 Other income, such as from the Shopify Theme Store or referrals, isn't included in revenue share calculation for the Shopify App Store. Learn more about theme revenue share.
 Tip
 Revenue share is calculated based on gross sales, not net sales. Refunds aren't taken into account when revenue share is calculated.
 Associated Developer Accounts
 App developers are responsible for reporting Associated Developer Accounts when completing the Shopify App Store registration.
 An Associated Developer is any Partner account that an app developer or Associated Developer has registered with Shopify. Learn more about Associated Developer Accounts on Shopify Help Center.
 Even though total gross app revenue is calculated across all Associated Developer Accounts, revenue share is still paid out separately at the Partner account level.
 Billing fees and sales tax
 All billing is subject to a 2.9% processing fee and applicable sales tax. As of August 1, 2021, fees and taxes are charged separately in the new revenue share plan.
 Earnings in some countries or regions are subject to additional regulatory operating fees.
 Viewing your earnings and fees
 There are several ways to review your earnings and fees in the Partner Dashboard:
 View app charges for a specific store.
 View app charges in the Payouts page.
 View app charges from the App history page.
 Download a CSV of your payouts in the Payouts page.
 Review the Shopify fees invoice in the Payouts page.
 You can also use the Shopify Partner API to programatically access the data found in your Partner Dashboard to automate your front and back office operations.
 Additional terms
 For additional terms related to earning money in the Shopify App Store, refer to Shopify Partner earnings and the Partner Program Agreement.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Registering for the reduced revenue share plan
 Calculating Shopify App Store revenue
 Viewing your earnings and fees
 Additional terms
 Updates & News
