Delivery and shipping
 Product offers
 Payments
 Thank you and Order status
 Overview
 Add a survey
 UX guidelines
 Localized UI extensions
 Test UI extensions
 Best practices
 Distribution
 Billing
 App Store
 Thank you and Order status customization
 The Thank you and Order status pages are shown to customers at the end of checkout and can be customized using checkout UI extensions. This guide introduces how extensions on the pages work, and provides some resources for getting started.
 How it works
 You can use a UI extension to add custom content to the Thank you and Order status pages. The Thank you page is displayed to a customer as an initial purchase confirmation after they complete a checkout. If a customer attempts to return to the Thank you page or check their order status later on, then they're shown the Order status page instead.
 The customer can refresh or revisit the page throughout the order creation and fulfillment process to review the details of their order, and any updates. For example, customers often visit the Order status page after clicking on a link in the order confirmation email.
 You can use an extension on the Thank you and Order status pages to add custom content such as:
 Example Description Page(s)
 Survey requests Ask a customer to complete a survey after they've completed checkout. Thank you
 Product reviews Ask a customer to complete a feedback form when they revisit their purchase. Order status
 Upsell offers Prompt a customer to add more products to their initial order after they've completed payment through order editing. Order status
 Social sharing Display additional social media content at the end of checkout. Thank you and Order status
 Download links Offer download links for digital goods. Thank you and Order status
 Getting started
 Follow the getting started tutorial to learn how to build extensions for the Thank you and Order status pages.
 Add custom content to Thank you and Order status pages
 Learn how to add a survey to the Thank you and Order status pages.
 Developer tools and resources
 Explore the following developer tools and resources to get familiar with building Thank you and Order status page extensions.
 Checkout UI extensions API reference
 Consult the API reference for checkout UI targets and their respective types.
 Components for checkout UI extensions
 Learn about the components that are available in checkout UI extensions.
 Checkout extension configuration
 Learn about the properties that you can configure in your checkout UI extension.
 UX guidelines for Thank you and Order status pages
 Improve the quality of your Thank you and Order status pages by following our UX guidelines.
 Limitations and considerations
 There's currently no support for APIs that directly mutate an order in this developer preview. You can use fetch to make network calls to web services for your extension needs. For extensions that need to make changes to the order being created, consider making a post-purchase extension.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 How it works
 Getting started
 Developer tools and resources
 Limitations and considerations
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
