Previous versions
 Remix app package
 Partner API
 Payments Apps API
 Function APIs
 Point of Sale app extensions
 Web pixel app extensions
 Marketing activities app extensions
 Product subscription app extensions
 Optimized loading on mobile devices
 To improve loading speeds for your app and offer your users a better mobile experience, you can enable mobile optimization on the Partner Dashboard.
 Note
 All apps automatically have optimized loading enabled for development and live stores as of December 5th, 2022.
 Requirements
 You've created a Partner account and a development store.
 You have the Shopify Mobile app installed on your mobile phone (ideally, iOS or Android).
 Test your app in your development store
 To enable optimized loading for your app:
 From your Partner Dashboard, click Apps.
 Click the name of your app.
 Click Configuration.
 In the App settings section, in the Embedded app home card, click Manage mobile optimization.
 Next to Optimized loading for testing on development stores, click Enable.
 Open the Shopify Mobile app, log into your development store, and launch your app. Your app should load faster and some UI elements, such as the title bar or product picker, will now provide native look and feel.
 Test your app thoroughly to ensure that all functionality is working as expected.
 Debug your app
 If you find that your app isn't behaving as expected while testing it in your development store, take the following steps:
 Familiarize yourself with how mobile-optimized loading works, and review the list of common issues and fixes.
 Debug your app (on iOS or Android) to uncover the root cause and fix the problem.
 If you can't determine the root cause, then ask a question on the Shopify APIs and SDKs section of the Shopify Community
 Enable mobile optimization in production
 If your app works as expected in your development environment, then you can enable mobile optimization in production with the following steps:
 From your Partner Dashboard, click Apps.
 Click the name of your app.
 Click Configuration.
 In the App settings section, in the Embedded app home card, click Manage mobile optimization.
 Next to Optimized loading for all users on live stores, click Enable.
 App users on Shopify Mobile will now get the optimized experience.
 How mobile-optimized loading works
 By default, embedded applications that are opened from the Shopify Mobile application run inside an iframe, hosted from the Shopify admin. Each time an application is launched, the Shopify admin site must be reloaded, adding a significant amount of time to the application’s load.
 When you enable direct loading, the app is no longer loaded in an iframe inside of the Shopify admin. Instead, the Shopify Mobile app loads the application directly inside of a native WebView. In this mode, the Shopify App Bridge libraries automatically switch to communicate directly with the Shopify Mobile app. All of the same Shopify App Bridge functionality that is available on the Shopify Admin website is available in a native form in the mobile app.
 When you use Shopify App Bridge to create UI, such as a resource picker or a modal dialog, the app displays native Android or iOS versions of these elements. This helps create a more deeply integrated and higher-quality user experience for the app when used through the Shopify Mobile app.
 Common issues and fixes
 Issue Fix
 Using window.name or window.top to determine whether your app is running in embedded mode doesn't work. Use the isShopifyEmbedded utility, instead of accessing properties of the window object.
 Using React Portals to communicate between modal windows doesn't work. Use App Bridge's Modal API.
 Your app's backend redirects the user to the web version of Shopify Admin Have your app's backend redirect to the app home page and initialize App Bridge.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Requirements
 Test your app in your development store
 Debug your app
 Enable mobile optimization in production
 How mobile-optimized loading works
 Common issues and fixes
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
 Partner blog
 Engineering blog
