Section blocks
 Theme blocks
 App blocks
 Section groups
 Config
 Theme Store
 Blocks
 Blocks are reusable modules for structuring content within sections. Blocks can represent a variety of content types such as text, images, products, collections and videos. They can be added, removed, and reordered within a section, providing merchants with a high degree of flexibility and customization in the theme editor.
 Blocks can also be used to create structure and hierarchy by accepting other nested blocks as children. Blocks can opt-in to accept other theme blocks and or app blocks as children. This allows creating both generic and specialized blocks designed to contain other blocks.
 Theme blocks can accept other nested blocks as children.
 Types of blocks
 You can use the following blocks in themes:
 Blocks that are defined within a section and are specific to that section
 Blocks defined at the theme level and are available to many sections within the theme (in Developer preview)
 App-defined blocks where the Liquid code for the blocks is provided by apps and not within the theme
 Section-defined blocks
 Section-defined blocks are blocks that are defined within a specific section Liquid file. They are created and configured directly in the section's {% schema %} Liquid tag. These blocks are unique to the section they are defined in and can't be nested or reused in other sections.
 Learn more about how to define blocks locally within sections.
 Theme-defined blocks
 Theme-defined blocks are defined at the theme level. They are reusable across different sections within the same theme. Use theme-defined blocks to create consistent elements that appear in multiple sections of your theme, such as creating a Button block that is defined once and re-used across all of the different sections in the theme. Theme blocks also support nesting other theme blocks.
 Learn more about how to use theme blocks in your theme.
 Developer preview
 Theme blocks are currently only available as part of the Theme blocks developer preview.
 App-defined blocks
 App-defined blocks are blocks that are defined by a Shopify app. These blocks can be added to any section within any theme that supports app blocks. App-defined blocks allow merchants to add app-specific functionality to your theme, such as reviews, ratings, or custom forms.
 Learn more about how to make your theme compatible with app blocks.
 Was this page helpful?
 YesNo
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
