Overview
 Getting started
 Developer tools
 Shop discovery
 Overview
 Shop search
 Shop sort
 Shop filter
 Shops
 Product description
 Cart and checkout
 Onboard merchants
 Post checkout
 Adding shop search
 Caution
 The merchant-facing sales channel app referenced in this tutorial isn't compatible with Shopify CLI 3, and can't be previewed using Shopify development tools. You can use the app and these tutorials as reference material to build a CLI 3-compatible app using the same patterns.
 Tip
 Marketplace Kit tutorials require you to have a buyer-facing marketplace in place. If you don't have one, then you can clone code for a buyer-facing app as a springboard to get you started.
 Now that you have a basic marketplace, you're ready to start building it up with more functionality. You want buyers to be able to search the marketplace to find specific shops.
 In this tutorial, you'll add functionality for searching the shops where your channel app is installed, by name.
 What you'll learn
 After finishing this tutorial, you'll know how to add shop search to a marketplace homepage.
 Requirements
 You've completed the marketplaces Getting started tutorials.
 You've learned more about the channel app code that enables you to add shop search.
 Add search input to the marketplace homepage
 To add shop search, your buyer-facing app needs to make a request to the Storefront API. The following requests the shop name using the nameIsLike argument, and requests the shop's ID, domain, and a Storefront API Access Token.
 Note
 File path references reflect the buyer-facing app's directory structure. If you're adding commerce to an existing platform, then the file paths will reflect its directory structure.
 pages/index.js
 1 const SHOPS_QUERY = gql`
 2
    query Shops($name: String) {
 3
      shops(nameIsLike: $name) {
 4
        id
 5
        domain
 6
        storefrontAccessToken
 7
      }
 8
    }
 9 `;
 Your marketplace homepage might now look something like the following:
 Next steps
 Learn how to add options for sorting shops on a marketplace.
 Share feedback on Marketplace Kit.
 Add search input to the marketplace homepage
 Next steps
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
 Partner blog
