Overview
 Android Buy SDK
 iOS Buy SDK
 Bring your own stack
 Building with the Storefront API
 Building with the Customer Account API
 Additional SDKs
 Android Buy SDK
 The Android Buy SDK makes it easy to create custom storefronts in your mobile app. The SDK connects to the Shopify platform using GraphQL, and supports a wide range of native storefront experiences.
 Note
 Only direct onsite gateways are supported with the Mobile Buy SDKs.
 Requirements
 Before you can use the Android Buy SDK, you'll need the following:
 Android SDK Level 14 (Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0) or higher
 JDK 1.7
 Android Studio 2.1.x recommended
 Step 1: Generate an access token
 To generate an access token, you can generate one in the Shopify admin. Alternatively, you can create a custom app and use authorization code grant.
 Step 2: Make your products and collections available
 After you've generated an access token, you need to make products and collections available to your custom app to access them from your app. After the products and collections are available, you can retrieve them using their respective IDs.
 Tip
 If you have many products or collections, then you can use bulk actions to make them available in one step.
 Make a product available
 From your Shopify admin, go to Products.
 From the Products page, click the product you want to make available.
 Next to SALES CHANNELS AND APPS click Manage.
 In the Sales channels and apps dialog box, select the box next to the name of your custom app.
 Make a collection available
 From your Shopify admin, go to Products and click Collections.
 From the Collections page, click the collection you want to make available.
 Next to SALES CHANNELS AND APPS click Manage.
 In the Sales channels and apps dialog box, select the box next to the name of your custom app.
 Step 3: Set up Android App Links
 You can set up Android App Links to integrate your app with Android web browsers. When an Android user taps a link to your website, they're redirected to your app if they have it installed.
 From your Shopify admin, go to Apps.
 Click Develop apps.
 Click the name of your app.
 Click API Integrations.
 In the Storefront API integration section, click Configure.
 If you've previously assigned any Storefront API scopes, then click Edit.
 Expand the Android Buy SDK configuration section.
 Enter your Android application ID and your SHA-256 certificate fingerprints.
 Step 4: Access the Android Buy SDK
 The GitHub repository and each release include the Android Buy SDK and a sample app that shows how you can use the SDK.
 View the Android Buy SDK docs (version 3) on GitHub
 Checkout on mobile
 You can use Shopify’s web checkout for your mobile app.
 Using Shopify’s web checkout makes sure that your customers always have access to the latest version of the checkout, which is optimized for speed, conversion, and customer experience.
 Where to get help
 Mobile app development falls outside the scope of our support service. This means that Shopify support can't help if you run into problems, unless they're specifically related to the Android Buy SDK itself. Below are the ways you can get help with the Android Buy SDK.
 Open a GitHub issue
 Open an issue in the GitHub repository.
 APIs & Technology forum
 Visit our forums to connect with the community and learn more about the Shopify API and app development.
 Hire a Shopify Partner
 Find a Shopify Partner for hire in our ecosystem of talented development agencies.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Requirements
 Step 1: Generate an access token
 Step 2: Make your products and collections available
 Step 3: Set up Android App Links
 Step 4: Access the Android Buy SDK
 Checkout on mobile
 Where to get help
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
 Partner blog
 Engineering blog
