Product Discount API
 Shipping Discount API
 Discounts Allocator API
 Fulfillment Constraints API
 Local Pickup Delivery Option Generator API
 Web pixel app extensions
 Marketing activities app extensions
 Product subscription app extensions
 Order Discount Function API overview
 The Order Discount API enables you to create a new type of discount that is applied to all merchandise in the cart.
 Example use cases
 Money off the order subtotal. For example, $5 off the order subtotal.
 Money off products on an order. For example, 20% off all products on the order.
 Tiered discount by spend. For example, spend $100 get 10% off all products.
 Developer tools and resources
 Shopify CLI
 A command-line tool for building Shopify apps.
 Order Discount API reference
 Consult the GraphQL reference for the Order Discount API.
 Migrating from scripts to functions
 If you want to migrate an existing line item script to Shopify Functions, then you can use the following mappings:
 Shopify Scripts method Description Shopify Functions object Additional context
 change_line_price Applies a discount to a product Product discount or Order discount
 split Splits a product into multiple lines so that you can discount partial numbers Product discount Use a product variant to limit the number of times that you want to apply the discount.
 change_properties Adds or changes a line item property Not available Refer to applyAttributeChange in the checkout targets API.
 reject Disallows a discounts code from being applied at checkout Not available Use a Product discount or Order discount function that contains the necessary logic. For example, you can use conditions to exclude a discount from applying.
 Limitations and considerations
 Input cart.deliveryGroups is always an empty array for this function.
 Next steps
 Learn how to use Shopify Functions by building a discounts experience.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Example use cases
 Developer tools and resources
 Migrating from scripts to functions
 Limitations and considerations
 Next steps
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
