Get approved
 Build a payments app
 Onboard a merchant to a payments app
 Fulfillment
 Point of Sale
 Onboard a merchant to a payments app
 Before a merchant can use your payments app, they need to go through an onboarding experience. This guide describes how a merchant discovers, installs, authorizes, and activates a payments app.
 Requirements
 Your payments app is approved. Your app needs to be approved before merchants can install it on their Shopify store.
 You're familiar with the different phases of the onboarding cycle for payments apps.
 Step 1: Discover a payments app
 A merchant can discover a payments app in the following ways:
 Through a direct installation link.
 Through Shopify’s public list of payment gateways under additional payment methods.
 To be added to the list of payment gateways in the Shopify admin, the payments app must meet certain criteria, such as being used by at least 50 Shopify stores and having processed over 1,000,000 USD.
 Note
 Additional payment methods differ from third-party providers. Third-party providers are an alternative to Shopify Payments and process traditional credit card payments. Additional payment methods can be enabled in addition to Shopify Payments or a third-party provider, and provide payment methods such as cryptocurrency, deferred payments, or installments.
 Step 2: Install the payments app
 Note
 Partners should inform merchants of how and when they can install the new payments app. If you're offering multiple payments apps, then inform merchants which app to install. If your payments app is replacing any legacy integration, then also inform merchants to deactivate the old gateway.
 You must acquire an access token to obtain permission from the merchant to install your payments app. The merchant clicks on a link to install your app, which redirects to Shopify's OAuth grant screen.
 After the merchant agrees to the requested access scopes, your app requests an access token for API access.
 Payments app installation URL
 When you edit a version from the Edit draft page, you can access a URL that links to the provider page corresponding to your payments app. You can share this URL with merchants so that they can install your payments app on their stores.
 The URL displays only after Shopify has approved your payments app.
 Step 2A: Connect to the app
 After selecting a payments app for the first time, the merchant is presented with a description and a Connect button. By clicking Connect, the merchant is redirected to the Payments app installation URL. This triggers the installation through OAuth.
 The merchant clicks Install app to start the installation process.
 Step 2B: Redirect the merchant to your app's onboarding
 The installation flow ends with the merchant being redirected to the payments app page to perform configuration. During this time, a banner shows that the provider isn't ready to process payments.
 Step 3: Complete provider authorization and configuration
 The merchant configures the payments app. The app marks itself as ready by calling the paymentsAppConfigure mutation. After the merchant has completed all the actions that are required for your app's onboarding, they must be redirected back to the Shopify admin using the following URL:
 https://{shop}.myshopify.com/services/payments_partners/gateways/${api_key}/settings
 Step 4: Activate a payments app
 After authorization and configuration are complete, merchants are redirected back to the Shopify admin to select payment methods to offer. These payment methods are displayed to customers as payment icons during checkout.
 Merchants use the additional payment method settings in the Shopify admin to activate and deactivate payments apps.
 For more information, refer to Additional payment method apps.
 Step 5 (Optional): Deactivate a payments app
 If merchants no longer need a payments app, then they can deactivate it.
 When a merchant deactivates a payments app, customers can't select it at checkout for payment. However, merchants can still manage refunds and captures for orders created with the deactivated payments app. For more information, refer to Additional payment method apps.
 Caution
 Uninstalling a payments app breaks order management. For example, an uninstalled app isn't available for use with any outstanding order returns. If an app is reinstalled after an uninstall, then you need to call the paymentsAppConfigure mutation again.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Requirements
 Step 1: Discover a payments app
 Step 2: Install the payments app
 Step 3: Complete provider authorization and configuration
 Step 4: Activate a payments app
 Step 5 (Optional): Deactivate a payments app
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
 Partner blog
 Engineering blog
