Overview
 Commands
 Configuration
 Checks reference
 Migrate
 Migrating to Online Store 2.0
 Troubleshooting
 Theme Store
 Theme Check
 Theme Check is a linter for the Liquid and JSON inside your theme and theme app extensions. It detects errors and enforces Liquid best practices.
 Theme Check can identify several issues in your theme code. For example, it can identify the following:
 Syntax errors
 Missing templates
 Unused variables and snippets
 Unknown and deprecated tags
 Performance issues
 Programming and style errors display directly in your console or code editor. Each error includes a link to the failed check's documentation, allowing you to debug issues quickly.
 You can use Theme Check in the following ways:
 Through Shopify CLI - Run checks against your theme on demand, in CI or with our Language Server.
 Via the Shopify Liquid Visual Studio Code extension - Theme Check is included in the extension.
 Installation
 Install Theme Check with Shopify CLI
 Install the Shopify Liquid Visual Studio Code extension
 Configuration
 You can configure check options to override defaults, or enable or disable specific checks, or point to your own custom checks. To learn more, refer to Theme Check configuration.
 Creating your own checks
 You can write your own checks in TypeScript and then reference them in your configuration. To learn about how the existing checks are written, explore the theme-tools repo.
 Using Theme Check in other editors
 Theme Check is available for integration in other editors using Shopify's Language Server.
 Command reference
 Checks reference
 Learn what each check does, how to configure it, and when to disable it.
 Command reference
 Review the Theme Check reference for commands.
 Contributing to Theme Check
 Theme Check is open source and part of our suite of theme developer tools.
 Learn how to contribute to the theme-tools repository
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Installation
 Configuration
 Creating your own checks
 Using Theme Check in other editors
 Command reference
 Contributing to Theme Check
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
 Partner blog
 Engineering blog
