Overview
 API references
 Configuration
 Error handling
 Discounts
 Web pixel app extensions
 Marketing activities app extensions
 Product subscription app extensions
 Shopify Function APIs reference
 Functions availability
 Some Function APIs are available only in developer preview.
 Users that have checkout.liquid customizations need to upgrade to Checkout Extensibility to use Function APIs.
 Public apps that are distributed through the Shopify App Store and contain functions can be used by stores on any plan. Only stores on a Shopify Plus plan can use custom apps that contain Shopify Function APIs.
 Shopify Functions allow developers to customize the backend logic that powers parts of Shopify. This guide introduces the available APIs for Shopify Functions.
 Available APIs
 The following Function APIs are available:
 Function API Description Extension target Merchant interface
 Delivery Customization API Rename, reorder, and sort the delivery options available to buyers during checkout. purchase.delivery-customization.run Embedded app pages
 Order Discount API Create a new type of discount that's applied to all merchandise in the cart. purchase.order-discount.run Embedded app pages
 Product Discount API Create a new type of discount that's applied to a particular product or product variant in the cart. purchase.product-discount.run Embedded app pages
 Shipping Discount API Create a new type of discount that's applied to one or more shipping rates at checkout. purchase.shipping-discount.run Embedded app pages
 Payment Customization API Rename, reorder, and sort the payment methods available to buyers during checkout. purchase.payment-customization.run Embedded app pages
 Cart Transform API Expand cart line items and update the presentation of cart line items. purchase.cart-transform.run None
 Cart and Checkout Validation API Provide your own validation of a cart and checkout. purchase.validation.run Admin UI extensions
 Fulfillment Constraints API Provide your own logic for how Shopify should fulfill and allocate an order. purchase.fulfillment-constraint-rule.run None
 APIs in developer preview
 Developer preview
 The following Function APIs are available only in the Checkout and Customer Accounts Extensibility developer preview.
 Function API Description Extension target Merchant Interface
 Order Routing Location Rule API Provide your own ranking of location, for each item, during order routing. purchase.order-routing-location-rule.run Admin UI extensions
 Discounts Allocator API Provide your own logic for how discounts should be calculated and allocated to a given cart. purchase.discounts-allocator.run None
 Getting started
 Learn how to use Shopify Functions by following one of our use case tutorials:
 Discounts
 Use Shopify Functions to create a new discount type for users.
 Payment customizations
 Use Shopify Functions to hide a payment option offered to customers at checkout.
 Delivery customizations
 Use Shopify Functions to rename a delivery option offered to customers at checkout.
 Cart and checkout validations
 Use Shopify Functions to block progress on a checkout when the cart line quantities exceed a limit.
 Order routing location rules
 Use Shopify Functions to choose a different order location during checkout.
 Customized bundles
 Use Shopify Functions to group products together and sell them as a single unit.
 Fulfillment constraints
 Use Shopify Functions to customize fulfillment and delivery strategies.
 API versions
 Function APIs are versioned. Updates are released quarterly and supported API versions are listed in the release notes.
 Learn how to update to a new version of a Function API.
 Shopify plans
 All plans: Stores on any plan can use public apps that are distributed through the Shopify App Store and contain Shopify Functions.
 Shopify Plus: Only stores on a Shopify Plus plan can use custom apps that contain Shopify Function APIs.
 Limitations and considerations
 The following limitations and considerations apply to all functions:
 Apps can reference only their own functions in GraphQL Admin API mutations, such as discountAutomaticAppCreate and cartTransformCreate. Referencing a function from another app results in a Function not found error.
 Shopify doesn't allow nondeterminism in functions, which means that you can't use any randomizing or clock functionality in your functions.
 The compiled function can't exceed 256 kB in size.
 You can't debug your function by printing out STDOUT, which is reserved for function output. Use STDERR instead.
 Function logs to STDERR are truncated after 1 kB. Some Wasm toolchains might crash if STDERR fails to write full logs.
 The logic of the function must execute in a maximum of 11 million instructions, which can be tested locally using function-runner.
 At runtime, a function can't exceed the following memory limits:
 Linear memory limit: 10 MB
 Stack memory limit: 512 kB
 A function's input cannot exceed 64,000 bytes in size.
 Refer to input query limitations for more information.
 A function's output can't exceed 20 kB in size.
 An app can deploy a maximum of 100 functions.
 Apps that provide dynamic editing and execution of function code aren't permitted on the Shopify App Store.
 Network access is supported for some functions, refer to network access for more information. You can also pre-populate data by using metafields on products and customers, or passing data using cart attributes.
 Next steps
 Learn about how Shopify Functions work and the benefits of using Shopify Functions.
 Learn about how data is input to and output from Shopify Functions.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Available APIs
 APIs in developer preview
 Getting started
 API versions
 Shopify plans
 Limitations and considerations
 Next steps
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
