Layouts
 Overview
 checkout.liquid
 Overview
 Customize checkout.liquid
 Checkout CSS
 Templates
 Sections
 Blocks
 Section groups
 Config
 Locales
 Settings
 Developer tools
 Best practices
 Integrating apps
 Product merchandising
 Pricing and payments
 Delivery and fulfillment
 Customer engagement
 Troubleshooting
 Theme Store
 CSS styling in checkout.liquid
 Deprecated
 checkout.liquid is deprecated. It will be sunset for the Information, Shipping, and Payment checkout steps on August 13, 2024, and for the Thank you and Order status pages on August 28, 2025. Additional scripts and script tags will also be sunset for the Order status page on August 28, 2025.
 Stores that currently use checkout.liquid need to upgrade to Checkout Extensibility before these dates. Access to checkout.liquid won't be provided to new stores, with the exception of expansion stores. Shopify Scripts will continue to work alongside Checkout Extensibility until August 28, 2025.
 Learn how to build checkout extensions that extend the functionality of Shopify checkout.
 You can make style enhancements to your checkout pages by adding CSS to the checkout.liquid file of your theme. Consider the following best practices when adding CSS to your checkout.liquid file.
 Shopify Plus
 The checkout.liquid layout is available to Shopify Plus merchants only.
 Checkout pages
 When you're styling your checkout, remember to consider its component pages. Depending on checkout settings, there are at least four checkout pages, and at most six.
 BEM Syntax
 Checkout uses the BEM syntax to minimize nesting. You should avoid deep nesting of selectors, and use the simplest selector that meets your needs.
 For example, to style the name of the products inside the order summary:
 Use this Instead of this
 1 .product__info__name {
 2
      color: green;
 3
    }
 1 .order-summary .order-summary__section .product_list .product_info .product__info__name {
 2
      color: red;
 3
    }
 Avoid using !important
 Your checkout stylesheet is loaded after the base stylesheet, so you don't need to add !important to every property. Reserve the use of !important for cases where it's absolutely necessary.
 Button examples
 Consider designing buttons for all states: disabled, normal, and hover.
 Customize your classes to provide button styles that match your theme.
 Main breakpoints
 The default stylesheet has four breakpoints, which you can use in your stylesheet:
 Small: 0px and up – doesn't require a media query
 Medium: 750px and up
 Large: 1000px and up
 Large Desktop: 1300px and up.
 Custom webfonts and additional scripts
 You can load your self-hosted webfonts directly from the CSS style tags in the checkout.liquid using an @font-face declaration.
 External assets
 Checkout uses SSL encryption to ensure a safe buying experience for your customers. If you do load images or additional content, then these assets need to be served over https:// to be rendered on the page. When possible, you should use the Shopify CDN to host all your assets.
 Feature detection
 A few utility classes are included on the <html> element:
 Javascript: js/no-js lets you know whether the browser supports javascript or not.
 Browser and OS: For example, a user running Chrome on OS X would have the classes mac chrome.
 Modernizr: Modernizr is used to detect if the browser supports certain CSS properties like RGBA, multiple background images, box-shadows, pseudo-elements, and inline SVG.
 You can use these classes to provide an improved checkout experience on older browsers.
 Fields, modals, and notices
 Some other components you can customize in the CSS of the checkout.liquid are fields, modals, warnings, and error messages
 Field states and classes
 Use the classes in your tables to style the three field states to fit your theme.
 Field state CSS class
 Default No class required
 Focus field--focus
 Error field--error
 Modals
 Policies (refund, privacy, and terms of service) and processing/forwarding pages are presented in a full-screen modal.
 Warnings
 Use warnings to notify the user that the total cost of their order changed before they completed their purchase. For example, you might add a warning if inventory is automatically adjusted.
 Error messages
 Use clear error messages to communicate errors to the user.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 External assets
 Feature detection
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
 Partner blog
 Engineering blog
