App developer tools
 Shopify provides a range of software tools, app templates, example apps, and libraries to accelerate your development process.
 Developer tools
 Shopify CLI
 A command-line tool to scaffold and manage Shopify apps.
 Polaris design system
 Design patterns and guidance, including a library of UI components, tokens, and icons to build apps in the admin.
 Polaris for VSCode extension
 Automatic autocompletion for Polaris tokens, right inside your favorite code editor.
 Shopify App Generator for Rails
 A Rails engine for building Shopify apps.
 API libraries
 For a complete list of official and third-party open source API libraries, refer to API libraries.
 App templates
 The following templates can help you start your Shopify app development.
 When you create an app using Shopify CLI, you can specify the template that you want to use with the --flavor flag. Enter remix, node, ruby, or php to use one of our app templates, or use a third-party template by providing a path to a GitHub repository for the template.
 Shopify recommends using the Remix template for most apps.
 You can also build an extension-only app, which is an app that contains no app home, and uses the extension-only template. To create an extension-only app, select Start by adding your first extension when you create your app. Learn more about extension-only apps.
 To learn more about building using the template, and deploying apps built using the template, review the readme in the template repository.
 Remix app template
 An app template that uses Remix.
 Extension-only app template
 An app template for building extension-only apps.
 Express app template
 An app template that uses Express, Node.js, and React.
 Ruby app template
 An app template in Ruby and React.
 PHP app template
 An app template in PHP.
 Example apps
 The following examples can help you with your app.
 Shopify QR Code app: An example app based on the Node app template. The app, inspired by Shopcodes, implements basic QR code generation for products and discounts.
 Storefront API apps: A series of example apps that demonstrate how to use the Storefront API. The examples are built and maintained by community members.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Developer tools
 API libraries
 App templates
 Example apps
