Bring your own stack
 Overview
 Headless with B2B
 Building with the Storefront API
 Building with the Customer Account API
 Additional SDKs
 Bring your own headless stack
 Shopify’s composable commerce APIs allow you to integrate Shopify into nearly any technology stack, so you have the freedom to use the frameworks, hosting, and workflows that work best for you.
 Install the Headless channel
 To start accessing the Storefront API and the Customer Account API, you need to install the Headless channel from the Shopify App Store.
 This channel gives you a single place to manage API access for all your client applications. It enables you to publish products to the Headless sales channel, as well as manage API permissions and credentials.
 Create a storefront
 You can create multiple storefronts in the Headless channel.
 Each storefront has its own set of API tokens, but all storefronts in the Headless channel share the same API permissions.
 From your Shopify admin, under Sales channels, click Headless.
 Click Add storefront.
 (Optional) On the storefront detail page, click Rename to edit the storefront’s default name.
 Manage API permissions
 You can control which store data is available through the Storefront or Customer Account APIs. All storefronts in the Headless channel share the same API permissions.
 From your Shopify admin, under Sales channels, click Headless.
 Click the name of the storefront that you want to update.
 Under Manage API access, click Manage for the API that you want to update.
 Under Permissions, click the edit icon.
 Check the permission scopes that you want enabled.
 Click Save.
 Rotate API credentials
 For security purposes, you can update your API credentials at any time.
 From your Shopify admin, under Sales channels, click Headless.
 Click the name of the storefront to update.
 Under Manage API access, click Manage for the API that you want to update.
 Under Rotate credentials, click Generate new token. Both the old and new credentials are valid until you delete the old credentials.
 Update your client apps with the new credentials.
 The Storefront API access relies on an API token.
 The Customer Account API might have a Client ID and a Client Secret, depending on the type of access.
 After you’ve updated your apps, delete the old credentials by clicking Revoke.
 Delete a storefront
 Deleting a storefront in the Headless channel revokes all its access tokens. You need to update any clients using those tokens.
 From your Shopify admin, under Sales channels, click Headless.
 Click the name of the storefront that you want to delete.
 Click Delete storefront.
 To confirm, click Delete storefront.
 Next steps
 From here, what you build is up to you! The Storefront API and the Customer Account API provide a wide selection of commerce primitives that enable you to integrate Shopify into your existing tech stack, or create something new.
 Learn more about getting started with the Storefront API.
 Learn more about getting started with the Customer Account API.
 Learn more about headless with B2B.
 Consult the complete Storefront API Reference.
 Consult the complete Customer Account API Reference.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Install the Headless channel
 Create a storefront
 Manage API permissions
 Rotate API credentials
 Delete a storefront
 Next steps
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
 Partner blog
