Overview
 Requirements
 App review process
 Built for Shopify
 Overview
 Achievement criteria
 Losing your status
 App success
 App listing visibility
 App revenue share
 Data protection
 App Store ads
 Security
 Built for Shopify
 More and more merchants join Shopify every day. They rely on apps to help them start, grow, and run their business effectively.
 We've developed a set of quality standards that help app developers to make high-quality apps for merchants: apps that are easy to use, safe, and performant, and help solve merchant problems. Each standard has an impact on the merchant and customer experience, and the success of a merchant’s store.
 To determine whether you meet our app quality standards, we evaluate your app using specific, actionable criteria. Apps that meet all of these criteria are eligible for Built for Shopify status. Along the way, you can qualify for smaller achievements that grant you more limited benefits, such as indicators of high quality on your app listing, special merchandising, or opportunities for promotion on various Shopify surfaces.
 Most criteria for Built for Shopify and intermediate achievements are automatically evaluated, while others require you to apply for evaluation. Some achievements are automatically granted, while others require you to apply for inclusion. You can check whether your app meets the criteria for Built for Shopify on the Distribution page for the app in your Partner Dashboard.
 Achievement criteria
 Explore the criteria that you need to meet to earn Built for Shopify status and other achievements.
 Built for Shopify status
 Built for Shopify status is the highest level of recognition and achievement that an app can reach. Built for Shopify apps receive additional promotion in the Shopify App Store, and are eligible for promotion on other key merchant surfaces.
 Note
 You need to apply for Built for Shopify status. You can apply for Built for Shopify status anytime. Benefits take effect and become visible to merchants in the first half of 2023. There's no deadline to apply.
 When you achieve Built for Shopify status, your app receives the following promotional benefits:
 Built for Shopify highlight
 A highlight indicating your Built for Shopify status appears on the app listing page. The Built for Shopify highlight appears at the top of the highlights list.
 On your way to earning Built for Shopify status, your app might earn other standalone highlights, where applicable.
 Built for Shopify badge
 A Built for Shopify badge appears on your app card wherever it appears in the Shopify App Store. For example, the badge will be visible on your app listing, and on your app card in search results and category pages.
 Search ranking boost
 Built for Shopify apps appear higher in Shopify App Store search rankings. Built for Shopify apps are ranked higher than other apps with search ranking boosts. This benefit isn’t exclusive to Built for Shopify apps.
 Eligible for promotion on the App Store homepage
 Your app is eligible to be recommended to merchants in the first collection that they see on the App Store homepage. This collection is personalized for each merchant, so your app isn't guaranteed to appear. This benefit isn’t exclusive to Built for Shopify apps.
 Eligible for discovery through the Shopify admin
 You'll be eligible to be recommended to merchants in the Picked for you modal in the Shopify admin. This collection is personalized for each merchant, so your app isn't guaranteed to appear. This benefit isn’t exclusive to Built for Shopify apps.
 Eligible to be featured in story pages
 Apps can be featured in story pages across various surfaces in the Shopify App Store, including the homepage, and in search, navigation, app categories, and the app’s listing. Story pages from Shopify help to educate merchants about how your app can help their business, inspire merchants by showing what’s possible with apps, and build trust by showing how real merchants succeed with apps. Being featured in a story page makes your app more visible, and more likely to be installed by merchants.
 Apply for Built for Shopify status
 To achieve Built for Shopify status, you need to apply for your app to be evaluated by Shopify.
 You can't apply for Built for Shopify status until you meet all of the prerequisite achievement criteria. These criteria are automatically evaluated on a regular basis.
 After the prerequisite criteria are met, you can apply from the Partner Dashboard:
 From the Partner Dashboard, go to Apps and then select your app from the list.
 From your app's overview page, click Distribution.
 In the Apply for Built for Shopify status section, click Apply now.
 Only team members with the Manage apps permission can submit applications for Built for Shopify status.
 The Shopify app review team will review your application, and will let you know if you need to address any issues before your application can be approved.
 You must fix each issue as it's raised by the app review team. If you fail the same criterion three times in a row, then your application is suspended and you won't be able to apply again for three months.
 Losing Built for Shopify status
 You can lose Built for Shopify status after it's granted if you fail to meet certain criteria on an ongoing basis. Learn more about why you might lose Built for Shopify status.
 Other achievements
 While you work toward Built for Shopify status, you can earn smaller achievements that grant you unique benefits:
 App highlights
 In the spotlight
 Story pages
 Increased visibility on key merchant surfaces
 App highlights
 When your app meets the relevant criteria, we display a highlight on your app listing. These highlights make it easier for merchants to identify high-quality apps. Depending on your app’s functionality, it might qualify for the following app highlights:
 Built for your business: Works with the latest themes. This highlight tells users that your app is compatible with Online Store 2.0 themes. These apps are easy to install and enable, offer app block functionality where applicable, and uninstall cleanly.
 Built for your business: Use directly in Shopify admin. This highlight tells users that your app is embedded and offers a streamlined workflow.
 All apps are automatically assessed to determine whether they meet the criteria for the highlight on a regular basis. If you meet the criteria, then the highlight is automatically added to your app listing. You can check whether your app meets these criteria on the Distribution page of your Partner Dashboard.
 Note
 It might take a few days for the highlight to appear on your app listing after the criteria are met.
 In the spotlight
 In the spotlight is a curated collection of notable, high-quality apps that appears on the Shopify App Store homepage. Being featured in this section makes your app more visible, and more likely to be installed by merchants.
 When you meet the criteria for this achievement, your app becomes eligible to be promoted in the In the spotlight section. Our app review team selects eligible apps to be featured every week.
 Note
 Meeting the achievement criteria makes you eligible to be featured in the In the Spotlight section. Your app isn’t guaranteed to be selected.
 Story pages
 Apps can be featured in story pages across various surfaces in the Shopify App Store, including the homepage, and in search, navigation, app categories, and the app’s listing. Story pages from Shopify help to educate merchants about how your app can help their business, inspire merchants by showing what’s possible with apps, and build trust by showing how real merchants succeed with apps. Being featured in a story page makes your app more visible, and more likely to be installed by merchants.
 Only apps that meet the following criteria are eligible to be featured in story pages. If your app meets all of the criteria for this achievement, then you can submit your app for consideration to be featured in editorial content.
 Note
 Meeting the achievement criteria makes your app eligible to be featured in story pages. Your app isn’t guaranteed to be selected after it’s submitted.
 Increased visibility on key merchant surfaces
 Shopify surfaces apps to merchants in many ways. Increased visibility makes your app more visible, and more likely to be installed by merchants.
 When you earn this achievement, you’ll get a search ranking boost, and become eligible for promotion on key merchant surfaces, including:
 The first collection in the App Store homepage
 The Shopify admin Picked for you modal
 These surfaces are personalized for each merchant, so your app isn't guaranteed to appear.
 Quality standards
 We use the following standards to determine whether your app is high quality. Each standard has an impact on the merchant and customer experience, and the success of a merchant’s store.
 Shopify offers specific, actionable criteria to meet these quality standards. When you meet certain criteria, your app becomes eligible for Built for Shopify status, and other achievements. Learn about the criteria that you need to meet to earn achievements.
 Safety, security, and reliability
 Merchants want to know that their apps are handling store data responsibly. Apps need to use certain APIs and extensions to ensure that they install and uninstall cleanly.
 Apps also need to meet all App Store requirements on an ongoing basis and uphold the Shopify API License and Terms of Use. There should be no outstanding infractions against the Partner Program Agreement.
 Performance
 Apps should perform quickly and at scale for merchants and their customers. We measure how embedded apps impact the performance of the Shopify admin. For a subset of apps, we also measure how your app impacts storefront and checkout performance.
 Ease of use
 Apps should be intuitive, seamless, and well-integrated into the Shopify admin.
 Proven usefulness
 We observe your app’s usefulness to merchants on a regular basis, using a rolling time window. We automatically gauge usefulness based on how many merchants installed your app, the number of reviews, and your app’s average rating.
 App info and benefits
 The app listing is your first point of contact with a merchant, and it's where they'll go to determine whether your app is right for them. Your app listing should be as complete as possible, and reflect your app's current functionality.
 Requesting a content size limit exception
 Theme app extensions are subject to file and content size limits. If your app has been granted Built for Shopify status, and you require an exception to the 100 KB Liquid size limit for a theme app extension, then you can file an app Liquid size limit exemption request.
 Increasing your app's Liquid size could potentially impact its performance. Regular monitoring and optimization is advised.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Built for Shopify status
 Other achievements
 Quality standards
 Requesting a content size limit exception
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
