Point of Sale app extensions
 Web pixel app extensions
 Marketing activities app extensions
 Product subscription app extensions
 Shopify API reference docs
 Explore Shopify’s API reference and templating documentation. You have access to everything from the Admin API and app extensions to templating tools.
 Check out your options to see which one is right for you.
 Build apps
 Extend Shopify’s core functionality by building apps that integrate into Shopify’s admin, online store, checkout and more.
 Admin API
 At the core of Shopify is the Admin API, available through GraphQL and REST. It provides data on products, customers, orders, inventory, fulfillment, and more.
 Partner API
 Scale your business with the Partner API. When you use the Partner API, you can access the data found in your Partner Dashboard to automate front and back-office operations.
 App Bridge
 Use App Bridge to build embedded apps integrated with the Shopify admin.
 Remix app package
 Build your app's web experiences with Remix, integrate with Shopify APIs, and embed into the Shopify admin.
 Payments Apps API
 Use the Payments Apps API to manage user account data including payments, refunds, and more.
 Shopify Function APIs
 Use Shopify Function APIs to customize the backend logic that powers parts of Shopify.
 Multipass
 Use the REST Admin API Multipass resource to manage the authentication of customers across multiple applications to provide a single login experience.
 Component libraries, references, and app extensions
 Explore the available component libraries and references for building apps. Seamlessly add your app’s functionality to Shopify user interfaces using app extensions.
 Discounts
 Use Shopify's discount React library to build a discount form page.
 ShopifyQL
 Use ShopifyQL to write analytical queries and find insights in user store data.
 Admin UI extensions
 Use Admin UI extensions to create a deeper integration into the Shopify admin.
 Product subscription app extensions
 Use Product subscriptions extensions to help merchants manage selling plans in the Shopify admin.
 Checkout app extensions
 Use checkout app extensions to extend your app code into checkout and customize many aspects of the checkout experience.
 Shopify POS app extensions
 Use Shopify POS app extensions to build custom POS UI Extensions, loyalty programs and discounts in Point of Sale shopping carts, as well as product recommendations.
 Web pixel app extensions
 Use web pixel app extensions to collect behavioral data for marketing campaign optimization and analytics.
 Marketing activities app extensions
 Use marketing activities app extensions to enable users to manage promotional campaigns and marketing automations from the Marketing page in the Shopify admin.
 Build themes
 Help users express their unique brand in their storefront by building a custom theme.
 Liquid
 Use Liquid to build or customize Shopify themes using the Liquid template language.
 Ajax API
 Use the Ajax API to add dynamic elements to Shopify online stores with a lightweight JSON API for product data, recommendations, and shopping cart management.
 Section Rendering API
 Use the Section Rendering API to update page content by fetching only partial elements of a page instead of reloading it entirely.
 Customer Privacy API
 Use the Customer Privacy API to integrate buyer consent and opt-outs.
 Build custom storefronts
 Build commerce experiences and branded custom storefronts using the Storefront API and Hydrogen.
 Storefront API
 Build custom shopping experiences for any platform. Render product and inventory details and initiate checkouts from any surface, such as web, mobile, gaming, and more.
 Customer Account API
 Securely manage and personalize customer data such as orders, payments, discounts, refunds, and more, with a single sign-on experience across multiple surfaces.
 Hydrogen and Oxygen
 Use Shopify’s recommended full-stack solution for building headless commerce experiences, with off-the-shelf components, hooks, utilities, and hosting built in.
 Hydrogen React
 Explore an unopinionated and performant library of Shopify-specific React components, reusable functions, and utilities for interacting with the Storefront API.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Build apps
 Build themes
 Build custom storefronts
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
 Partner blog
