Marketplaces
 APIs and references
 Log in
 Sign up
 Shopify developer documentation
 Learn how to build an app, theme, custom storefront, or marketplace. Whether you’re just getting started, deep in the development process, or ready to distribute and monetize your work, Shopify’s docs, dev tools and frameworks make building easy and efficient.
 Apps
 Extend Shopify’s core functionality with apps that integrate into Shopify’s admin, online store, checkout and more.
 Build your first app
 Themes
 Help merchants express their unique brand in their storefront by building a custom theme.
 Create a theme using Dawn
 Custom storefronts
 Take store customization further with Hydrogen, a React-based framework for headless commerce.
 Build a Hydrogen storefront
 Marketplaces
 Sell products from multiple shops on any platform when merchants install your marketplace sales channel.
 Try Marketplace Kit
 Accelerate development with Shopify CLI 3.0
 Initialize new apps, themes, and custom storefronts in an instant with the latest Shopify CLI. A single command installs all the dependencies you need, including the CLI itself, so you can dive straight into development.
 Apps
 Navigate to the directory where you want to create your app.
 Run this command to create a new app. Your app will be added as a new subdirectory.
 Themes
 Custom storefronts
 Initialize your app instance
 npm
 yarn
 pnpm
 $ npm init @shopify/app@latest
 Launch your app or theme
 App Store
 When you’re ready, submit your app to the Shopify App Store so merchants can find and buy your app through search or personalized recommendations.
 See App Store requirements
 Theme Store
 Promote and sell your custom theme to merchants building their brands on the Shopify Theme Store.
 See Theme Store requirements
 Join a community of builders
 Developer forums
 Q&A and advice from Shopify community experts
 ShopifyDevs Discord server
 Chat with other Shopify developers
 @ShopifyDevs on Twitter
 Product announcements, API updates, tips, and more
 Developer Changelog
 The latest Shopify ecosystem updates
 ShopifyDevs YouTube channel
 Tips and insights in dev and design
 ShopifyDevs Twitch channel
 Tests and demo streams
 Shopify Partners blog
 Educational resources and product previews
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
 Partner blog
