Functions
 Deployment
 Distribution
 Overview
 Select a distribution method
 Billing
 App Store
 Select a distribution method
 Before you can share your app with merchants, you need to select a distribution method in the Partner Dashboard.
 The way you choose to distribute your app depends on its purpose and your audience. You can't change the distribution method after you select it, so make sure that you understand the different capabilities and requirements of each type.
 When you create an app through the Partner Dashboard or using Shopify CLI, you can select from the following distribution methods:
 Public distribution: Select this method to make your app public. You can distribute or sell your app to many merchants through the Shopify App Store using this method.
 Custom distribution: Select this method if you've built a custom app that you want to distribute to one store or multiple stores on the same Plus organization using a link.
 If you have separate apps for development and production in the Partner Dashboard, then you should select the distribution method in the production app.
 Note
 If you create a custom app through the Shopify admin, then you can't change the app distribution method. Learn about the features and limitations of this app type.
 Select a distribution method
 From the Partner Dashboard, go to Apps.
 Select your app from the list.
 From the table, select a distribution method.
 Click Confirm.
 Select a distribution method, and then click Confirm.
 If you selected Public distribution, then you can start creating your Shopify App Store listing and, when your app is ready, submit your app to the app review team for review. Learn more about submitting an app to the Shopify App Store.
 If you selected Custom distribution, then you can install your custom app on one store or multiple stores that are part of the same Plus organization.
 Install a custom app on multiple stores
 Note
 If you created a custom app before July 26, 2023, then you need to contact Partner Support to enable installing the custom app on multiple stores.
 If you created a custom app after July 26, 2023, then you can complete the following steps to install the custom app on multiple stores:
 After you select Custom distribution, enter the store's myshopify.com or admin.shopify.com domain.
 Optional: To limit your app's installs to one store, uncheck Allow multi-store installs for one Plus organization.
 To create the app install link, click Generate link.
 Copy the install link.
 After you've copied the install link, you can send it to your users so that they can install your app. For example, you can share the install link by email with the storeowner.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Select a distribution method
 Install a custom app on multiple stores
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
