Overview
 Performance
 Accessibility
 Internationalization
 Overview
 Getting started
 Embedding
 Mobile
 Deceptive code
 Design guidelines
 Deployment
 Distribution
 Billing
 App Store
 Internationalization
 Shopify helps merchants expand their business to a global audience, sell to multiple countries, and scale internationally. This means that many merchants need to sell in multiple languages and currencies.
 This guide describes the process of internationalizing your app, offers definitions associated with the concept of internationalization, and provides a list of use cases for internationalization.
 How it works
 Internationalization helps merchants expand their business to a global audience by creating shopping experiences in local languages and currencies.
 Tip
 You can speed up internationalizing new and existing apps by using i18n-ally, an open source Visual Studio Code extension that makes it easier to externalize strings, view and navigate to translation strings from code, and perform machine translation.
 The following diagram illustrates the different stages in the process of internationalizing your app:
 Prepare strings: The first stage in internationalizing your app includes preparing localized strings. This involves externalizing strings, getting access to the user's locale, formatting strings, and translating strings in your app.
 Manage your App Store listing: After you've prepared localized strings, you can promote your app to a global audience by writing an app listing and translating the app listing.
 Definitions
 The following definitions provide a starting point for understanding key terms associated with internationalizing your app:
 Term Definition
 Internationalization Building your app and interface so it can be used in different locales. This includes creating flexible interfaces that allow for text expansion and changes to word order.
 Localization Adapting your app and interface for different locales to make them a good cultural fit. This includes adapting features, changing visuals, and translating text.
 Translation Converting text from one language to another. Not to be confused with localization, translation is just one part of localizing a product.
 Use cases
 The app user is going global as their addressable market is growing, and their buyers live in different parts of the world.
 The app user has staff that use the Shopify admin in multiple languages.
 You want to promote your app in the Shopify community. Shopify promotes localized apps in the App Store over apps that aren’t localized.
 You want to sell your app cross-border in other markets.
 Next steps
 Learn how to get started with internationalizing your app.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 How it works
 Definitions
 Use cases
 Next steps
 Updates & News
