API exploration
 Products and collections
 Search and discovery
 Markets
 Overview
 International pricing
 Multiple languages
 Cart
 Customers
 Prioritizing data in your query
 Release notes
 Storefront API reference
 Building with the Customer Account API
 Additional SDKs
 Building localized experiences with the Storefront API and Shopify Markets
 Shopify helps merchants expand their business to a global audience, sell to multiple countries, and scale internationally. This means that many merchants need to sell in multiple languages and currencies.
 This guide introduces the ways that you can configure localized experiences for merchants and customers using the GraphQL Storefront API.
 How it works
 You can use the Storefront API to complete the following tasks related to internationalization:
 Query international prices for products and orders, and explicitly set the context of a cart and checkout.
 Support multiple languages on a storefront.
 International pricing
 Users can configure the prices of products on a per country basis in their Shopify admin. For example, a storefront might have default prices for products set in USD, and price adjustments configured for Canada (CAD), Australia (AUD), and France (EUR).
 To learn how to query international prices for products and orders, and explicitly set the context of a cart and checkout, refer to Support international pricing on storefronts.
 The following diagram shows the different prices of the same product based on customer location:
 Multiple languages
 You can use the Storefront API to support multiple languages on a storefront. For example, you might want to retrieve the available languages for a Shopify store, retrieve translations, and create a checkout in the customer's language.
 Translatable resources
 The following resources include translatable properties that can be retrieved by using the Storefront API:
 Type Description Fields
 Collection A grouping of products that a shop owner can create to organize them or make their shops easier to browse. title, descriptionHtml, description
 Metafield Custom metadata attached to a resource. Metafields can be sorted into namespaces and are comprised of keys, values, and value types. value
 Article An article in an online store blog. title, content, contentHtml, excerpt, excerptHtml
 Blog An online store blog. title
 Page A custom page on the online store. title, body
 Product An individual item for sale in a Shopify store. title, descriptionHtml, description
 ProductOption Product property names like "Size", "Color", and "Material" that the customers can select. Variants are selected based on permutations of these options. 255 characters limit each. name, values
 ProductVariant A different version of a product, such as differing sizes or differing colors. title, selectedOptions
 ShopPolicy A policy that a merchant has configured for their store, such as their refund or privacy policy. body
 Developer resources
 Get familiar with the Storefront API by exploring guides that cover common use cases, and the complete reference for the GraphQL Storefront API.
 Support international pricing on storefronts
 Learn how to support international pricing with the Storefront API.
 Support multiple languages on storefronts
 Learn how to support multiple languages with the Storefront API.
 GraphQL Storefront API reference
 Consult the complete reference for the GraphQL Storefront API.
 Next steps
 Learn how to query international prices for products and orders, and explicitly set the context of a cart and checkout.
 Support multiple languages on a storefront with the Storefront API.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 How it works
 International pricing
 Multiple languages
 Developer resources
 Next steps
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
