CLI
 Polaris
 Development stores
 Overview
 Test data
 API libraries
 GraphiQL for the Admin API
 Best practices
 Design guidelines
 Checkout
 Distribution
 Billing
 App Store
 Development stores
 A development store is a free Shopify account that comes with a few limitations. As a Shopify Partner, you can create an unlimited number of development stores.
 You can use a development store to test any themes or apps that you create, or to set up a Shopify store for a client. Setting up a development store and transferring it to a client gives you a recurring commission.
 In both cases, the process for creating a development store is the same. However, certain development store features, such as developer previews and installing custom or draft apps, prevent you from transferring the store to a client.
 If you created your Shopify Partner account after April 28, 2023, then a quickstart development store is automatically created for you.
 Prerequisites
 To create or access a development store, you need a Shopify Partner account.
 Development stores and Shopify CLI
 To use a development store or Plus sandbox store with Shopify CLI, you need to be the store owner, or have a staff account on the store. Staff accounts are created automatically the first time you access a development store with your Partner staff account through the Partner Dashboard.
 Create a development store to test your app
 From your Partner Dashboard, click Stores.
 Click Add store > Create development store.
 In the Development store use section, select Create a store to test and build.
 In the Store details section, enter a name for your store.
 The store name is used to create the store's myshopify.com URL. This URL can't be changed.
 Choose the build that you want to use.
 If you select a Developer preview, then you can select a developer preview version from the drop-down list. Development stores that use a developer preview can't be transferred to a merchant.
 Under Data and configurations, choose whether to start with an empty store, or with a store that's populated with test data generated by Shopify. Stores that start with generated test data can't be transferred to a merchant.
 Click Create development store.
 When you're done working on a development store, you can archive it.
 Generated test data
 By default, Shopify stores are created empty, without any data. To speed up the development and testing process, you can create a development store that's populated with test data generated by Shopify.
 The generated test data set includes the most common commerce primitives and configurations that you need to test an app, theme, or custom storefront, including some Plus-specific features.
 Learn about the contents of the generated test data set.
 Quickstart development stores for new Partner organizations
 When a new Partner organization is created, Shopify automatically creates a development store called Quickstart. This store is a non-transferable development store that's populated with generated test data. You can immediately use this store to test apps, themes, and custom storefronts.
 If you sign up using a single sign on provider, or using an existing Shopify ID, then the quickstart store is created immediately. If you sign up using an email address, then the quickstart store is created after you verify your email address.
 You can access the quickstart store from the stores list in Shopify CLI, or by logging into your Partner account and finding the store on the Stores page.
 Create a development store for a client
 From your Partner Dashboard, click Stores.
 Click Add store > Create development store.
 In the Development store use section, select Create a store for a client.
 In the Store details section, enter a name for the client's store.
 The store name is used to create the store's myshopify.com URL. This URL can't be changed.
 Choose the country or region where the client's business is located. This information is used to set up default shipping rates and recommend region-appropriate apps.
 Click Create development store.
 When you're done working on a development store, you can hand it off to a client or archive it.
 Tip
 When building a store for a client, finish as much development work as possible before transferring ownership.
 Sharing your development store
 Development stores are always password protected. You can remove the password page after you transfer the store to a merchant or switch to a paid plan. Development store password pages can't be customized.
 Visitors can view development stores in the following ways:
 By entering a password on the development store password page
 By logging into the development store’s admin
 Through a Shopify Theme Store or Shopify App Store demo link
 Viewing or setting the password
 From your Shopify admin, go to Online Store > Preferences.
 In the Password protection > Password field, enter a password. This is the password that you'll give to the visitors who you want to be able to access the online store. Don't use the same password that you use to log in to your admin.
 Click Save.
 Note
 The Message for your visitors field isn't editable for development stores.
 Viewing and editing the customizable password page
 Although the customizable password page isn't used to control access to your development store, you can still view it after you log in, or edit it from the Shopify admin.
 To view the customizable password page, logged-in visitors can navigate to https://your-store-name.myshopify.com/password, where your-store-name is the name of the development store.
 You can edit the customizable password page using the theme editor, or by editing the theme's password.liquid file.
 Theme Store and App Store listings
 You can use a development store as a demo store in Shopify Theme Store or App Store listings. When a visitor clicks on the demo link in a listing, the development store password page doesn't appear. You don't need to change any settings in the development store to enable this functionality.
 Learn more about demo stores for the Shopify Theme Store.
 Learn more about demo links for the Shopify App Store.
 Developer previews
 When you create a development store, you have the option to enable a developer preview. A developer preview gives you early access to new Shopify features so that you can build and test your apps before the new features are released to merchants.
 A development store with a developer preview enabled includes all of the features that are available on the Advanced Shopify plan, but the store can't be transferred to another owner or transitioned to a paid plan.
 Features and limitations of development stores
 Development stores include most of the features that are available on the Advanced Shopify plan.
 You can do the following tasks while building and testing a development store:
 Process an unlimited number of test orders
 Create an unlimited number of unique products
 Create up to 10 custom apps
 Assign a custom domain
 A development store has the following limitations:
 You can only install free apps and Partner-friendly apps.
 If you install a custom app or a draft app, then you can't transfer the store to another owner or transition to a paid plan.
 You can only test orders using the Bogus Test gateway or by enabling test mode for your payment provider. You can't test orders using real transactions through active payment providers. Learn more about testing orders in development stores.
 You can't remove the password page, or show a custom password page. You can still customize the password page and preview it.
 Your development store is no longer eligible for promotions or free trials after you transfer the store to a live plan.
 A development store that has a developer preview enabled has the following limitations:
 You don't have access to domains.
 You can't transfer the store to another owner or transition the store to a paid plan.
 Next steps
 Build a store for a merchant
 Prepare your app for the Shopify App Store
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Prerequisites
 Development stores and Shopify CLI
 Create a development store to test your app
 Create a development store for a client
 Sharing your development store
 Developer previews
 Features and limitations of development stores
 Next steps
