Distribution
 Billing
 App Store
 Product offers
 A product offer is an additional sales opportunity that's displayed to customers before or after they complete checkout. This guide introduces pre-purchase product offers, and post-purchase product offers, and describes the available resources that you can use to build product offers in Shopify checkout.
 How it works
 You can build functionality in your app that enables merchants to provide the following experiences:
 Pre-purchase product offers
 Post-purchase product offers
 Pre-purchase product offers
 Shopify Plus
 Checkout UI extensions that render on the information and shipping and payment steps in checkout are available only to stores on a Shopify Plus plan.
 You can use a checkout UI extension to build a pre-purchase product offer. The following example shows a pre-purchase product offer that renders at the purchase.checkout.block.render target:
 Post-purchase product offers
 Beta
 Post-purchase checkout extensions are in beta and can be used without restrictions in a development store. To use post-purchase extensions on a live store, you need to request access.
 The post-purchase page appears after the order is confirmed, but before the Thank you page. You can use a post-purchase extension to add custom content such as the following:
 Example Description
 Upsell offers Prompt a customer to add more products to their initial order after they've completed payment.
 Survey requests Ask a customer to complete a survey after they've completed checkout.
 Feedback requests Ask a customer to complete a feedback form after they've completed checkout.
 Donation requests Ask a customer to submit a donation after they've completed checkout.
 Discount code offers Offer a customer additional discounts on products using a specific code.
 Loyalty sign-ups Ask a customer to join a rewards or points program.
 Important notifications Offer additional information that's valuable to customers.
 The following example shows a basic example of a post-purchase checkout extension:
 Getting started
 Follow these tutorials to get started with building pre-purchase and post-purchase experiences.
 Build a pre-purchase product offer
 Build a pre-purchase upsell offer that prompts the customer to add a product to their order.
 Getting started with post-purchase checkout extensions
 Create a basic example of a post-purchase checkout extension.
 Developer tools and resources
 Explore the following developer tools and resources to get familiar with building pre-purchase and post-purchase experiences.
 Pre-purchase
 Checkout UI extensions API reference
 Consult the API reference for checkout UI targets and their respective types.
 Components for checkout UI extensions
 Learn about the components that are available in checkout UI extensions.
 Checkout extension configuration
 Learn about the properties that you can configure in your checkout UI extension.
 UX guidelines for pre-purchase product offers
 Explore UX guidelines that you can refer to when building pre-purchase product offers.
 Post-purchase
 Post-purchase extension points API
 Consult the API reference for post-purchase extension points and their respective types.
 Components for post-purchase extensions
 Learn about the components that are available in post-purchase extensions.
 Post-purchase extensions configuration
 Learn about the properties that you can configure in your post-purchase checkout extension.
 JWT specification
 Learn how JWTs need to be structured in order to be used in post-purchase checkout extensions.
 UX guidelines for post-purchase product offers
 Explore UX guidelines that you can refer to when building post-purchase product offers.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 How it works
 Getting started
 Developer tools and resources
