Overview
 Marketing
 Overview
 Marketing externally
 Overview
 Writing a press release
 Brand asset guidance
 Marketing internally
 Managing app reviews
 Supporting your app
 Tracking app usage
 App listing visibility
 App revenue share
 Data protection
 App Store ads
 Security
 Shopify brand assets for marketing your app
 Shopify wants to provide Shopify app developers with the tools that they need to promote and grow their business on the Shopify App Store. To help you showcase your presence on the Shopify App Store in your marketing materials, we've created the following Shopify brand assets and guidelines for you to use in any digital display ads and digital properties (such as a website or email).
 Before downloading and using the Shopify brand assets, make sure that you read and fully understand the usage guidelines below.
 Shopify App Store Ad Badge
 Below are the two official badge assets for using the Shopify brand when you market your Shopify app:
 Left image: The preferred Shopify App Store badge. Right image: The alternative Shopify App Store badge.
 Download the badge assets
 Using the Shopify App Store Ad Badge
 Having all partners use a standardized ad badge helps to create consistency across the Shopify ecosystem, and helps to build merchant awareness and trust in the Shopify App Store. To keep this consistency, the asset shouldn't be altered in any way.
 Prohibited alterations
 To keep consistency in how the Shopify App Store Ad Badge is used, you must never make any of the following alterations:
 Crop any part of the badge
 Stretch or squash the badge
 Rotate or tilt the badge
 Modify the colors
 Add a gradient or shadow
 Animate the badge
 Accessorize the badge or layer other images over the top of it
 Add a border or treatment around the badge
 Layer the badge over another logo or branded image
 Don't alter or remove parts of the badge
 Don't stretch or squash
 Don't rotate or tilt
 Don't use busy backgrounds
 Don't add gradients or shadows
 Don't change colors
 Minimum size and spacing
 The badge looks best when it's big enough to read and has room to breathe. The badge shouldn't be smaller than 30 px in height. It should have a minimum clear space around it equal to the size of the Shopify bag icon in the image. Don't place any typography, imagery, or other graphical images inside the clear space.
 Left image: Correct badge spacing. Right image: Minimum badge height (30 px).
 Usage guidelines
 The use of the Shopify App Store Ad Badge (the "Badge") is subject to our Trademark Usage Guidelines. Use of the Badge must be explicitly authorized by Shopify in writing. For Developers who are part of the Shopify Partner Program, this authorization is provided in Part A, Section 5.2 of the Shopify Partner Program Agreement. Where used on a web page, the Badge should include embedded hyperlinks to your app listing page on the Shopify App Store.
 Was this section helpful?
 YesNo
 ON THIS PAGE
 Shopify App Store Ad Badge
 Using the Shopify App Store Ad Badge
 Usage guidelines
 Updates & News
 Developer changelog
